Ooh...hoo...ooh...
Oh, I gotta let this thing go
I, yi, my, da
Ey...hey...hey...hey...hey
Oh, baby

Lookin back over my years
I guessed, Ive shedded some tears
I told myself time and time again
This time Im gonna win

But another fight, things aint right
I guess Im losin again
Takes a fool to lose twice
And start all over again

I think Id better let it go Mmm...mmm...
Looks like another love T.K.O. Whoa...oh...oh...whoa...
I think Id better let it go, let it go, baby
Looks like another love T.K.O. Mmm...mmm...mmm...yeah

Tried to take control of the love
The love took control of me
Cause you lose all thoughts, sense of time
And have a change of mind

Takin the bumps and the bruises
Of all the pain of a two-time loser
Tryin to hold on, my faith is gone
Its just another sad song, I...

I think Id better let it go Oh, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah
Looks like another love T.K.O. Whoa...oh...oh...yeah
I think Id better let it go Let it go, baby, let it go, baby Baby, yeah, yeah
Looks like another love T.K.O. Oh...oh...oh...oh...yeah...yeah...

I dont to, but I better
But I need let it go, baby, yeah
Let it go, baby
Tryin to hold on, boy
But I need to let it go, yeah
I still love you, baby
I still want you, baby
But I gotta let it go

Takin the bumps and the bruises
Of all the pain of a two-time loser
Tryin to hold on, my faith is gone
Its just another sad song, I

I think Id better let it go Let it go
Looks like another love T.K.O. Oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh, yeah, baby
Think Id better let it go, let it go, baby Yeah, yeah, yeah
Looks like another love T.K.O. Ooh...yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah

Aint no use in tryin to hold on
Think Id better let it go
I dont think that I could stand
Another love T.K.O. Another love T.K.O., yeah

Aint no use in tryin to hold on
Think Id better let it go Let it go, baby, hey...
I dont think that I could stand
Another love T.K.O. T.K.O.

Think Id better let it go
Looks like another love T.K.O.
Think Id better let it go I tried to hold on, let it go, baby Oh, my, baby, oh my, baby
Looks like another love T.K.O. Oh, boy, oh...yeah, hey, yeah, hey...

Aint no use in tryin to hold on
Think Id better let it go I
I dont think that I could stand
Another love T.K.O. Think I better let it go

Aint no use in tryin to hold on
Think Id better let it go