[Intro: Twista]
Oh you didnt think we can do it again...?
Twista...
Kanye West...
From Po pimpin' to Poppin' tags...
From champions to Slow Jamz...
Oh baby...
We can even make you an overnight celebrity...
Know what I'm sayin'?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Why don't we...
Play somethin' these hoes'll like
Drive whips i know they like
Twista you told 'em right...
[Twista] I can make you a celebrity overnight...
Give you ice like Kobe wife...
We sort of like goldie right...
Tha way we mold 'em right...
[Twista] I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Twista]
Girl I see you in them apple bottom jeans, chinchilla on yo back I wanna know yo name,
Girl don't twist it I can throw yo brain, put you in tha chameleon 04 range,
Still sexy when you smoke that flame, jerkin' like a chicken when you throw that thang,
She got me hotter than an oven tha way that she talk, switchin' and freaky so I'm lovin' tha
way that she walk,
You lookin' good girl you oughta be in pictures... Listen to me I see yo career goin' sky
high,
Takin' you home to the crib in the Chi and everytime I see your thighs I cry when i drive by,
Watch it you should bring a thrill, got tha fellas on some Johnny Gills steady screamin "My,
my, my, my,"
Walk on tha carpet wit tha diamonds that flick in tha dark, kickin' it on tha couch and 106 &
Park,
I can see yo beauty on a big screen... I can see me freakin' you wit' whip cream...
I can see you on stage at the awards, wit' a dress better then Jennifer's and doin' big
things,
Kick it wit' me I can mold yo life, you lookin' good girl show you right,
Dre told me you tha prototype, I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Chorus]

[Twista]
You want fame you can take that path, candle lights when you take a bath,
You got such a sensational ass, Im'a get you Jimmy Choo and Marc Jacobs bags,
I could cop her a 2000 thousand and three, make her smile when she see Sprees,
I can get you on CD's and DVD's, take you to BB's in BCB-G,
I could get you into places, the beginnin' to the people I know'll show you things to get
into,
I wanna be yo lover and yo confidant and protect you from others, don't let another brotha
pimp you,
If you want tha style you could wit' ya girl, ya'll take a look at her she got such an
astonishin' body,
I could see you in some Gucci, Roberto Cavalli and now but she gon' put a hurt on 'em hard in
tha party,
And you know you kill 'em in tha club, you cold, you was born to be a pro, how you gon' stick
to photos?
And I love you 'cuz you freaky wit' tha dope flows, drop it to tha floor let that go when you
roll slow,
And I love it when I hit it from tha back and you get on top of me and have a brotha goin
"Oh, oh"
Girl I love how you roll me right, I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Chorus]
Over Night Celebrity

[Interlude: Twista]
See...
See baby girl...
You see how you make a brotha break down?
I just gotta ask you...
What you need?
What you need from me?
Oh, you wanna be a star?
Oh, you messin' wit' tha right one...
I can take you there...
I can make sure you got all the finest things...
Let me be yo manager...

[Twista]
Come here girl I can see you bored, take you to tha queen that I see you for,
Take you shoppin' on Sprees in stores, Im'a get you to the MTV awards,
We about to do a show tonight, you lookin' good girl show you right,
Take you places I know you like, I can make you a celebrity overnight,
Come here girl you can hang if you bored, we can do many things plus more,
I'm about to have you changin' in stores, I can even get you to the Soul Train Awards,
We about to do a show tonight, you lookin' good girl show you right,
Take you places I know you like, I can make you a celebrity overnight...