My wife got tired a' me runnin 'round, so she tried to keep me home-

Well, she broke my nose and hid my clothes, but I continued to roam.

Then she finally hit my weak spot - threatened to throw my bottle out

Well, from the basement to the rooftop, everybody could hear me shout...

Chorus: Gimme that wine Unhand that bottle 3 times

'Cause I can't cut loose without my juice.

Gotta have hot lucy when I go walkin' y'know.

Well, one day while crossin the avenue, a big car knocked me down.

While I was stretched out tyin' up traffic and crowds came from blocks

around

Now the po-lice were searchin my pockets, before they sent me to the

funeral parlor,

But when one o' those cops took my bottle, Jack, I jumped straight up

and commenced to hollar

Chorus: Gimme that wine Unhand that bottle 3 times

'Cause I can't get well without Muskatel

I only drink for medicinal purposes anyway

Well, now, one real dark and dreary night as I was staggerin' home t'

bed,

Well, a bandit jumped from the shadows and put a blackjack 'side my

head.

That cat took my watch, my ring, my money, And I didn't make a sound,

but when he reached 'n got my bottle, you could hear me for blocks

around

Chorus: Gimme that wine Unhand that bottle 3 times

Beat m' head outta shape, but leave my grape.

Watch, ring and money ain't nothin' but don mess with my wine, JIm.

Well one day my house caught fire while I was layin' down sleepin' off a

nap

An' when I woke up everything was burnin' with a pop an' a crackle an' a

snap.

Now the fireman chopped up my TV set and tore my apartment apart,

But when he raised his axe to my bottle, I screamed with all my heart...

Chorus: Gimme that wine Unhand that bottle 3 times

So I can drink one toast before I roast.

No sense goin' out half baked, Might as well be Alll tore up

You can take all those Hollywood glamor girls- Lana Turner, Rita

Hayworth,

Bridget Bardot, n' Lucille Ball,

and all them chicks 'n line 'em upside the wall

Put a GIGANTIC jug beside 'em, n' tell me to take my choice.

Well, there'd be no doubt which one I chose, the minute I raised my

voice.

Chorus: Gimme that wine Unhand that bottle 3 times

Well those chicks look fine, but I love my wine.

Now some folks like money, some like to dance and dine,

But I'll be happy If you give me that wine