13:05Music: Romeo, Pinnella, Miller/Lyrics: Miller, Romeo
Part I

Look to the other side, reach the undefined
Curious to what she doesn't know
Step through the empty air, reveal what wasn't there
A fantasy-her looking glass world

Is it as it seems? Or just a dream within a dream
dream within, dream within a dream

Like she's been here before, locked behind the door
Held within the grasp of mystic hands
Everything's so strange, the same but rearranged
Through a bird's eye view-Can it all be true?

The final answer she seeks, with the three to be crowned Queen
Essence of rule divides the land-YEAH!

Dark shape, above in the sky, captures her prismatic eye
Again she walks in wonder, With no, with no tearful good-byes

Part II

Alice...Alice...Run Alice...Run

And there she stood, in misery
Searching for the final ring within
A dream, dream within a dream

Dream within a dream 

"I'm not afraid..."

Part III

Scepter in hand-all the numbers so deceiving
The small dreaming child who wears the crown
Watches the pieces falling down

Like knights in the game-her next move is so unsure
'Waken the Queen of Nevermore
Hidden behind the royal doors

White on her right, Red on her left
Talking in riddles, on ears fallen deaf

"Stop with all the lies", all the questions so confusing
Answer the riddles they deny, losing hope, the child cries

Dream on... 
Do you believe...all the things that you're seeing are true?
The start's where the end's leading you
Do you believe...all's as twisted as one would perceive?
Seek the answers...and soon you'll believe

The royal child, in a rage of desperate fury
Shattering all that lies before, screaming dolls fall to the floor
Now remove the masque, that's obscuring this dimension
Illusions so clear to me now, her invention is unwound

Escape the dream- like an unwritten book
There at my feet-lies the knight, the queen and the rook

Dream on... 
Do you believe...all the things that you're seeing are true?
The start's where the end's leading you
Do you believe...all's as twisted as one would perceive?
Seek the answers...and soon you'll believe

Dream on... 
Do you believe...all the things that you're seeing are true?
The start's where the end's leading you
Do you believe...all's as twisted as one would perceive?
Seek the answers...and soon you'll believe