Consider the fact that maybe you've been brainwashed too 
Many will tell you otherwise 
I bet you trust your bank 
Just wait until it tanks 
Your parents had it planned 
We're almost like them? 
Fun, racist professional sports 
Management gets the real rewards 
Multi national owned evening news 
If we believe we're fools 
You watch 4.5 hours of t.v a day 
And we should listen to what you say? 
Opinions on life and the world 
You eat at the Hard Rock abroad and you disrespect your girl 
Sexism is so ingrained 
that women get the blame 
Is it smug middle class satisfaction you peddle? 
Better hope your car don't breakdown in the Ghetto 
Rich companies lobby best 
Use their products, prepare to lose a breast 
Why your sick mothers health insurance got 
"Accidentally" cancelled is no mystery 
Somebody's paying the government a lot to have access to everybody's medical history 
Greedy banks bought all the farms 
Chemical food, aren't our lives charmed 
Teenagers baited, their money spent 
With credit cards at 20% 
Too broke to worry about the loan 
Their funkin turning off your phone 
And politics, a f***in joke 
Right and left-they're both a hoax 
Just hope the "international" markets don't crash! 
Rock N Roll! Some truth? Alas! 
Careerist cowards sucking ass 
Is real investigative reporting dead? 
Of course, but keep watching your CNN 
The glitz, the glamor, all jokes aside 
If a sponsor pays enough, they'd turn a blind eye on third world genicide 
"Bro, don't get heavy, the bills are paid!" 
Twice a week missionary style we all get laid 
Middle management goes first, your out on your ass 
Most ignorance is bred at home 
Good Christian families? then why condone 
Petty hatred of anything different or new 
The fat girl hung her-self in June 
No love at home, they thought she was strong 
Her classmates made up her own song 
"Piggy Peggy ate everyone's pie" 
The kids moved on, one teacher cried 
The kids switched targets the week after she died 
Well? human nature wont change much 
Unless we make a shameful bunch 
Of those we see so glaringly 
Who show hate, ignorance, and hypocracy 
Don't be a coward-make a stand! 
Get in their facae-act like a ham 
Let people know it's not PC 
To be greedy and judgemental under the guise of religion and democracy 
Get loud and stand up every time 
If you give a f*** about man kind 
Cuz if human nature don't evolve soon 
Don't kid your-self, you're f***ing doomed 
Don't run away from change and growth 
Let's start right now, "I take the oath!" 
But first accept one simple truth 
That maybe you've been brainwashed too 
So cynical, so hip, so full of s***, they told us to shut the f*** up and write another hit