Yeah youknowhatI'msayin' muthafuckas in the world tryin' to
play niggas out these days. Can't fuck around and play no
niggas out these days niggas is smarter'n a muthafucka man 
we gotta make cash. Only thing that's ruling this muthafucka
right now, this strap, this weed, and this money I got in my pocket
finna go get mo' money. youknowhatI'msayin' Ha Fuck 'em.

Verse 1
I hear some niggas comin' 'round
talkin' 'bout what the fuck they can do
but the only thing I do is
realizin' in my crew
Fuck these snitches fuck these bitches
ain't worth the jail time bro'
you know these streets is a muthafuckin' joke
and that's the way it goes
Playa playa got caught up
brought up the wrong way
But he say the white man
fucked me up and got me acting that way
You know the homey who be
ballin' with the squad squad
Little Y.G. trynta practice acting hard
talkin' 'bout money talkin' 'bout bitches
talkin' 'bout fancy cars and all that shit
Cocaine a pound of weed
and bitches sucking on his dick
He used to win it to live that way
ever since them Chronic days
The big homeboy C-style put him on
Nineteenth Street got him on his way
It was cool 'cause he was finally one of us
someone we can trust later on
someone we couldn't trust
Niggas got greedy seen us clockin' dough
in this rap game threaten to snitch
if he wadn't rich in a matter of days
Should we kill him or let him starve? Kill him!
Make him get real broke Kill him!
hell naw this nigga gotta die right here
we ain't no joke. hell yeah nigga
Check it!

Chorus 3X
Don't try to play me homey
Don't try to play me what what
Don't try to play me homey
Who the fuck you think I was? was

Verse 2
8:30 in this evenin' I cop the sack gettin' me set
get some Orange getting me on my mind state just at rest
Cruise the neighborhood proudly and I'm throwin' up my set
Dogg Pound Gangsta homeboy and don't you forget
I crack a forty of that Eight fuck St. Ides I love the taste
and my system bumpin' down the street with nothin' but bass
and the homeboys flossin' we tossin' up the scene
lookin' clean as fuck makin' green
mashing as a muthafuckin' team
it seems the homies notice me who I am
Goddamn tires hoppin' pullin' up pop on the jam
niggas started hoping showin' stereo on three chromes
and the situation just went so fast
Daz Dilinger kickin' ass
steadily movin' making cash
Later on I bounce to the club
me and my cousin Rico Snoop
Tai cousin Supafly, Big Style, E and Hershey too
Cruisin' up ? like fools don't understand my thang
come around here homeboy  
you won't see daylight ever again
Come tow me bitch come get me rich
you know my way my game we spit
you down wit this? you down wit this
Told ya what told ya twice
told ya why told ya somethin'
it ain't nothin' but a gangsta party bumpin'
 ain't nothin' but a gangsta party bumpin'> Snoop over last line
dumpin' on niggas after the club
niggas started trippin'
niggas start set trippin'
niggas started Crippin' started Bloodin'
started doin' whatever that they was doin'
I was blastin' they was blastin'
Dat Nigga Daz was out catching
those who try to get up and do they thang
swang bang and I gets my thang
rat pack niggas try to jack
niggas try to fuck my game
How the fuck I feel homeboy
get that Eight and drink some more
niggas won't stop mashin'
'til we knock down every niggas door

Chorus 4X

 Echo>
 Yeah> and there you  have it>
straight gangsta  shit>