INTRO:Ooh Ooh Ooh, Ahh Ahh Ahh. 
Uhh Uhh Uhh, Yeah Yeah Yeah.                        Ooh Ooh Ooh,Ahh Ahh Ahh. 
Yeah Yeah Yeah, Mmm Mmm Mmm.

Verse 1: In the Playa's Club checkin' at you body baby. Steadily tossin' that cash flow baby 'Cause you drive me crazy, wont you be my lady. Betcha I can make your body talk to me talk to me. All I need is my CD, bag of weed and some Cristieyeah. Then Im gonna stroke you up and down, messin with your head. And when you leave up out my room you'll be walkin bow leg. I can keep you comin like a CTA. Your dealin with a true ballet baby. Givin you the keys to my Mercedes. Im not gonna stop til you scream my name. I say ooh Kelly you make me holla, keep on jumpin like an Impala. You slidin that sexy ass down the pole like what what what what what... Come and get some of this R amp;B Thug baby.

Chorus: Im just an R amp;B Thug babe, Tryin to get some ass babe, Do you wanna thug babedo you want an r amp;b thug. Im just an R amp;B Thug babe, Lookin for som love babe, Do you wanna date babe.

Verse 2: Your're gonna trip, gonna trip, gonna trip, gonna trip, gonna trip. When  I show you my love jones babe and make the room go black. Baby girl keep your body right there. Im gonna sock it to you baby, I wanna hear you say yeah,yeah. Now the sign on the knob says privacy, you and me, On the low, fruit bowls and whipped cream. We can get up on a fancy suite. Thugged out wit some Hennessy, see, see, see. lock your body up and throw away the key.Im not gonna stop til you scream my name. I say ooh Kelly you make me holla, keep on jumpin like an Impala. You slidin that sexy ass down the pole like what what what what what... Come and get some of this R amp;B Thug baby.

Chorus

Verse 3: Now feel the know down in my pants, while your breakin me off with a lap dance baby. Said its getting me high, its got me feelin hazy. Im goin around your body like a worldwide tour. I'll make you say toot toot,beep beep, Pull up to my bumber baby.Im not gonna stop til you call my name. I say ooh Kelly you make me holla, keep on jumpin like an Impala. You slidin that sexy ass down the pole like what what what what what... Come and get some of this R amp;B Thug baby.

Chorus2x

Bridge: Now if your horny say Ooh Ooh Ooh,Ahh Ahh Ahh. And if you want it say Uhh Uhh Uhh, Yeah Yeah yeah. Ooh Ooh Ooh,Ahh Ahh Ahhyeah Yeah Yeah Yeah,huh Mmm Mmm Mmm. Now if your horny say Ooh Ooh Ooh, Ahh Ahh Ahh. Ladies if you want it say Uhh Uhh Uhh,say Yeah Yeah Yeah. Ooh Ooh Ooh, Ahh Ahh Ahh,what Yeah Yeah Yeah,what Mmm Mmm Mmm. Just and R amp;B Thug, baby.

Chorus