Do I know yo friend who?
At a club
Who was there?
Girl I wasnt...
Wait a minute calm down,I was at a club with who?
Get the fuck...man

U kno what,girl im not about to sit up here, and argue about whose to blame, or call no names

...REAL TALK...

See girl only thing im tryin to establish, with you is not whose right or whose wrong or
What's right or what's wrong

...REAL TALK...

Just because yo friend say she saw in the club with some other bitches, sittin in V.I.P,
Smokin,and drinkin,and kickin it...

Tell me girl did she say there was other guys there...did she say there was other guys
There...was there other guys there...well, tell me this...how the fuck she know i was with them
Other girls then...when a whole club packed...wait a minute let me finish what i got say i been
With you for 5 years and you listening to yo mothafuckin girlfriends i dont know why fuck with
Them oh jealous,no man have azz hoes anyway

...REAL TALK...

Always accusing me of some ol bullshit when im just tryin to have a good time Robert you did
This, R.Kelly's I heard you did that dont you think i got enough bullshit on my mind?...      

...REAL TALK...

H-hold up,  didnt i just give you money to go get yo hair, toes, and nail done...the other day
Hmm..yo ass was smilein then...

...REAL TALK...

Gave who some damn money?, i aint gave nobody no damn money girl, is you tweakin...see what yo
Problem is you always running off at the mouth tellin yo girlz yo mothafuckin business when
They dont sleep with us, they dont eat with us, besides what they eat dont make us shit...

...REAL TALK...

You called my momma's house and what?...girl my momma aint gotta scream no cause for me...

...REAL TAlK...

And watch yo mouth, fuck me, girl fuck you, i dont give a fuck about what u talkin bout im
Sick of this bullshit...im comin home and gettin my shit and gettin the fuck out of dodge u
Aint gotta worry about me nomo and...the next time yo ass get horny go fuck one of yo funky ass
Friends shh hell u probably already doing that shit anyway u gon burn what...BITCH i wish u
Woooooould burn my mothafuckin clothes...with cho trifflin ass  MILTON...u bogus
Girl...MILTON...start yo car and warm it up and get ready to take me home...this bitch then
Lost her mothafuckin mind...