Thanks to  Brittney for submitting the lyrics 

Nelly:
Uh, Ay, Ay 
Uh, Would you be my girl? 
Would you be my, would you be my girlfriend? 
Would you be my, would you be my girlfriend? 
Uh, Ay, 

Check it 
He don't want you like I want you believe me boo I been told 
He don't appreciate you, ma, I can tell by the way he hold you 
He don't love you like I can love you 
Or squeeze you like I squeeze 
I'll make your neck pop back and in fact I'll buckle your knees hey 
Okay, baby what's it gon' take for you to be my lady tell me right now 
I hear your friends say you should 
Your parents say you was good 
Your lil' sister keep yellin', "Nelly, I wish you would" 
But you're hesitatin', debatin' whether or not it's real 
I ain't shootin game, boo, I'm just tellin you how I feel 
I'm diggin everything about you 
Your hips an' the way the sway 
I hate to see you leave boo, but let us see ya all the way 
I'll be your personal shrink, boo, I care what you think 
I bought the Bentely in pink 'cuz my dough *NSYNC 
So tell ya man bye bye and tell 'em your long gone 
Ain't no needin' waitin' up, you done found you another home 
woo

*NSYNC:
I don't know why you care why you thinkin' bout him mamma? 
He doesn't even know you're there no, no 
'Cause he don't love your eyes no 
And he don't love your smile no 
Girl you know that ain't fair c'mon 

In the middle of the night 
Is he gonna be by your side? 
Or will he run and hide? 
You don't know cause things ain't clear 
And baby when you cry 
Is he gonna stand by your side? 
Does the man even know you're alive? 
I got an idea 

Why don't you be my girlfriend 
I'll treat you good I'll treat you good girl 
I know you hear your friends when they say you should 
'Cause if you were my girlfriend 
I'd be your shining star 
The one to show you where you are 
Girl you should be my girlfriend 

Does he know what you feel he know what ya feel 
Are you sure that it's real yeah are you sure? 
Does he ease your mind nah 
Or does he break your stride? 
Did you know that love could be a shield yeah 
In the middle of the night hoooo 
Is he gonna be by your side? no no - no 
Or will he run and hide? 
You don't know cause things ain't clear 
And baby when you cry oooh 
Is he gonna stand by your side? no no 
Does the man even know you're alive? 
I got an idea listen girl 

Won't you be my girlfriend yeah yeah 
I'll treat you good I'll treat you good girl 
I know you hear your friends when they say you should, baby 
'Cause if you were my girlfriend uh uh uh uh 
I'd be your shining star I'd be that one to shine for ya, girl 
The one to show you where you are *Check it, ah ah ah ah ah ah* 
Girl you should be my girlfriend 

Nelly:
Ah, need a fiance, cute as Beyonce, 
Ghetto like Da Brat 
Ready to scrap when I say 
The talents of Alicia, fall Ms. Keys 
I take the hips off Trina 
And lips off Eve 
I put ya so high on a pedestal, it might make ya nose bleed 
So much ice around ya ankles, and watch ya toes freeze 
Whats wrong, ma? Ya man ain't brining ya joy? 
Don't trip flip ya scrip to a country boy 
Now c'mon 

Ever since I saw your face 
Nothing in my life has been the same 
I walk around just saying your name 
Without you my world would end, yeah 
I've searched around this whole damn place 
And everything says you were meant to be 
My girlfriend... oh 

hey why don't ya 
Won't you be my girlfriend yeah 
I'll treat you good uh 
I know you hear your friends when they say you should I know you hear your friends when they say tou should 
'cause if you were my girlfriend my girlfriend 
I'd be your shining star be your shining star yeahh 
The one to show you where you are 

Girl you should be my girlfriend you make my heart sing 
Ahh... *uh uh uh uh* you make my heart sing 
Ahh... you make my heart sing 
Ahh... *uh uh uh uh* my baby, baby, yeah you make my heart sing 
Ahh... girl you should be my girlfriend *would you be my* 
Girl you should be my girlfirend *would you be my girl* 
Girl you should be my girlfriend *would you be my* 
Girl you should be my girlfriend