Fuck no I ain't got no Grey Poupon

Well anyway I said that's no burglar that my butler hahaha
        Mr. Rockafella let me in on the gossip
        I heard you and Mr. Getty are getting into rap music or something 
Yes we have this thing we do with our voices 
We sing like authentic rappers
        Well then could you muster it for us
         David you must do 
Well if they could make this music more funky 
Let me see if i can get my voice like those rappers *clears throat*
Here we go

Well if you're blind as Helen Keller 
You could see I'm David Rockafella 
So much cash up in my bathroom is a ready teller 
I'm outragous, I work in stages, like syphills
But no need for prophylactics
I am up your own, so me know wretched ain't funk
But my cream got amino acid
Keep my hoes in check no rebellions
If your ass occur shit it wouldnt be the first time
I done make a massacre, nigga please how you figure these
Motherfuckers like me got stocks bonds and securites
No impurities, straight anglo saxon
when my family got their sex on 
Don't let me get my flex on, do some gangster shit 
Make the army go to war for Exxon
Long as the money flow, I be making dough 
Welcome to my little pimp school
How you gonna beat me at this game I make the rules
Flash a little cash make you think you got class
But you really selling ass and hoe keep off my grass 
Less you cutting it, see Im running shit   
Trick all y'all motherfuckas as simps
I'm just a pimp

*chorus*

That is so cute
John Paul, why don't you entertain us with something as well?
        Well, what should I do?
Why don't you rap for us?
        No, I...
Come on old boy I did mine
        I...
It's so tribal 
        Oh very well 
Oh goody!
        But hold my martini I have to do those hand gestures
        We will begin at the commencement of the next measure

Now get ready, I'm J.P. Getti
I am tearing this shit up like confetti
My money last longer than Eveready 
Ain't nothing petty about cash I never lose 
This is just like the straws?
But the hoes dont choose, I chose you 
No voodoo can hoo-do you 
from getting treated like a piece of boonboonboo
Who do you think want those niggaz that don't turn tricks
The logo on hoein in 94 is getting 86ed
and all about those rebellions, and riots and mishaps
I got the po'-po' for that daily pimp slap
The motherfucker gangsta rolling Fleetwood Caddy 
I'm that mack ass already pimped his daddy 
Let you out like linoleum floors
I'm getting rich off petroleum wars 
Controlling you whores making you eat top ramen
While I eat shrimp, y'all motherfuckas are simps
I'm just a pimp   

*Chorus*

Oh no here he comes, oh don't look at him 
        Are you fellows rapping?
        I can do that reggie um er reggae type of thing
        You know one two three
Well actually we were just leaving...

And Trump Trump check out the cash in my trunk
Trump Trump check out the cash in my trunk
I am Donald Trump me think you mighta heard about me 
How me last wife Ivana come and catch me money
She want all she want this she want the ? of fun
X amount of this like this ? gap hear me
Hol' up your hand if you love the money
Hol' up your hand if you love punanny
Gun pon mi side mi afi kill somebody 
Because the money inna mi trunk dem wan fi come tek see 

*Chorus*

Well how did you like that then?
        Well we really must be leaving you 
        Yes yes Donald it was smashing to see you again
Something I picked up in the Carribean 
        Yeah yes I remember
Why don't you stick around and I'll I'll rap some more for you
        Oh no no no old boy I think I see Jackie
        Oh Jackie ah Jackie!!
        Please please pass the bubbly 
Well look here motherfuckers we are taking all these motherfucking shit
        Yeah we are taking all these
You besta come off up that coat we are taking these