I spy a boy, I spy a girl. 
I spy the worst place in the world, in the whole world. 
Oh you didn't do bad, you made it out, I'm still stuck here oh but I'll get out. 
Oh yeah I'll get out. 
Can't you see a walks among you seeing through your pretty lives. 
Do you think I do these things for real
I do these things just so I survive. And you know I will survive. 
It may look to the untrained eye 
I'm sitting on my arse all day 
And I'm biding my time until I take you all on my Lords and Ladies 
I will prevail, I cannot fail. 
Cause I spy. 
Oh I've got your numbers taken notes and all the ways your minds work out. 
I've studied and your mind's just the same as mine except that you're just clever swines
You never let masks slip, you never admit to it, you're never hurried. 
Oh no no no.
And every night I hold my plan how I'll get my satisfaction
How I will blow your paradise away away away ooh.
Cause I spy. 
It's just like in the old days - I used to compose my own critical notices in my head.
The crowd gasps at Cocker's masterful control of the bicycle
Skilfully avoiding the dog turd next to the corner shop. 
Imagining a blue plaque above the place I first ever felt a girl's breasts, 
the whole 'nana.
You've got to wait for the best. 
You see you should take me seriously. Very seriously indeed. 
Cause I've been sleeping with your wife for the past sixteen weeks
Smoking your cigarettes, drinking your brandy, 
messing up the bed you chose together. 
And in all that time I just wanted you to come home unexpectedly one afternoon 
And catch us at it in the front room. 
You see I spy for a living and I specialise in revenge
On taking the things I know will cause you pain. 
I can't help it, I was dragged up.
My favourite park's a car park, grass is something you smoke, 
birds is something you shag.
Take your year in Provence and shove it right up your arse. 
Your Ladbroke Grove looks turn me on, yeah. 
With your frightened eyes and roach burns under your eyes and addresses
And thousands of tiny dryna-slides running a path, 
running a path to the corner of your eyes.
And every night I hatch my plan, it's not a case of woman v man. 
It's more a case of haves against haven'ts and I just
happen to have got what you need, just exactly what you need yeah. 
La la la la la la la la la la, in the midnight hour. 
La la la la la la la la la la, I will come to you, I will come to you
I will take you from this sickness, dinner parties and champagne
I'll hold your body and make it sing again. come on - sing again, let's sing again. 
Oh yeah, cause I spy, yes, I spy, ssss. 
I spy a boy and I spy a girl. 
I spy the chance to change the world, to change your world.