Here in the night love takes control. Making me high making me whole. 
*I don't know. Oh no, no, no. 
No I don't know. No, no, no. 
No I don't know. 

When I close my eyes I can see you
lowering yourself to my level. 
I don't know where you got those clothes, 
you can take them off if it makes you feel better. 

Don't stop it now. Now is so right. 
Now as the day slips away 
& we slide into night. 
[*Repeat]

I open my eyes & you're there,
even better in the flesh it would seem. 
I'm so ready and willing & able it's untrue, 
to act out this love scene & make my dreams come true.
& how many others have touched themselves
whilst looking at pictures of you 
How many others could handle it if all their dreams came true 
I don't expect you to answer straight
away, 
maybe you're just having an off day but
I need to believe in you. 
Yes I do. Yes I do. Oh

I want you here in my heart. Here in my head.
Live all your dreams for tonight here in your bed. 
[*Repeat]

So roll the soundtrack and dim the lights 'cos I'm not going home tonight. 
This love scene has begun. There's nothing left for us to do but get it on. 
Lets make this the greatest love scene
from a play no-one's thought up yet.
I know you're feeling the same as me but what you gonna do about it 
Now here's an exclusive: 
I've wanted you for years. I only needed the balls to admit it. 
When the unbelievable object meets the unstoppable force 
there's nothing you can do about it. No. 
I will light your cigarette with a star that has fallen from the sky. 
Breathe in, breathe out, 
I love the way you move. Don't let anyone tell you any different tonight. 
You are beauty, you are class, 
you showed it all but you still kept a little piece back just for me. 
A little piece back just for me. 
Just for me. 
Oh I don't know how you do it but 
I love the way you do it, when you're doing it to me. 

& if this is a dream then I'm going to
sleep for the rest of my life. 
For the rest of my life
For the rest of my life
For the rest of my life