LL Cool J:  It's the first time together and I'm feeling kinda horny.  
    Conventional methods of making love kinda bore me.  
    I wanna knock your block off, get my rocks soft,  
    Blow your socks off make sure your G spots soft.  

LeShaun:  I'm gonna call you big daddy and scream your name.  
    Matter fact I can't wait for your candy rain.  

J:  So watcha sayin', I get my swerve on, bring it live,  
    Make it last forever, damn the kitty cat's tired.  

L:  Mmm... Daddy slow down your float.  
    Put it on my like G baby NICE AND SLOW.  
    I need a rough neck nigger man dingle in a sec,  
    Who ain't afraid to pull my hands, spank me from the back.  

J:  No doubt, I'm the player that you're talkin' about.  

L:  But do you really think that you can work it out.  

J:  I guarantee shorty it's real, baby stick it out,  
    Here comes the man of steel.  

Chorus X2:  
L:  Doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well,  
    Doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well,  
    Doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well,  
J:  I represent Queens, she was raised out in Brooklyn.  

    I'm in the mix now, searching for the right spot,  
    To hit now, get down,  

L:  Damn my lover dig down.  
    You use a rubber,  

J:  Damn right.  

L:  You are my lover,  

J:  All night.  

L:  Was pretty good till you heard the rubber,  

J:  Man tight.  
    The only thing left to do is climax,  
    Let's make it last,  

L:  Word we ain't goin' out like that.  
    All this time you've been telling that you was a dime.  

J:  I tried to warn you girl you wouldn't listen,  
    Now let's get it on.  

L:  Mmm, baby while, don't do that.  
    Chill wait a minute baby let me please you back.  

J:  You talk good one Chili love you're makin' me sweat,  
    How a live nigger like it girl  

L:  Nice and wet.  
    We get it on to the record and damn your large,  
    How a big girl like it daddy  

J:  Nice and hard.  
    Safe sexin' it, flexin' it, gettin' that affectionate,  
    Chewin' it, doin' it, all while we're doin' it.  

Chorus X2  

J:  Baby, I wanna hit it in the worst way.  

L:  Make it hot.  

J:  Scheming on the ass since the first day.  

L:  Don't stop.  
    Damn I love it when you talk like that.  
    Make it bounce sugar,  

J:  Long as you can bounce me back.  
    More flesh than the greek fest,  

L:  Roll up the sex.  

J:  Pass the fantasy,  

L:  Put my body to the test.  
    Wait wait daddy many niggers ago,  
    I was a young girl listening to higher flow.  
    Now's my chance to hit you off daddy I'm grown.  
    From the back, from the side,  

J:  Right, I'm in the zone.  
    One of a kind when it's time to do mine.  
    Camcorder and the whole shit,  

L:  Press rewind.  
    Let it flow on the screen while we puffs the L.  
    Layin' back in the cut while we're under the spell.  

J:  Word life, I like the way the F went down.  
    Go to sleep, tomorrow I'll take you back downtown.  
    We'll be,  

Chorus X3