Baby your da-da loves you 
And I'm always gonna be here for you 
No matter what happened 
You're all I got in this world 
I'd never give you up for nothin' 
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me 
I love you 

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach 
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat 
Where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk 
Oh that smell -- da-da musta runned over a skunk 

Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin 
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women 
That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit 
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it 
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? 
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? 

And mama said she wants to show you how far she can float 
Don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt 
her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt 
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water 
Me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? 

Just the two of us 
Just the two of us 
Just the two of us 

See honey -- there's a place called heaven and a place called hell 
There's a place called prison and a place called jail 
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one 
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
And you don't want a brother do ya? 
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya 
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad 
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad 
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out 
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out 
I told you it's okay HaiHai wanna ba-ba take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? 
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee 
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 
Me and my daughter 
Me and my daughter 

Just the two of us 
Just the two of us 
Just the two of us 

Wake up sweepy head we're here 
Before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier 
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea 
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear 
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry 
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake 
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? 
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock 
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free 
One.. two.. free.. oh-weeeeeee 
There goes mama, splashin in the water 
No more fightin with dad, no more restraining order 
No more step-da-da, no more brother 
Blow her kisses bye bye, tell mommy you love her 
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk 

Just -- the two - of us