Music by: P. Wagner
Lyrics by: P. Wagner

a The devil's triangle

Tell the press that we can't say more,
there's nothing that we know 'bout for sure.
What has happend to our machines?
We found no wrecks and nothing was seen.

Fourteen men are lost anywhere,
there's nothing we can do for them there.
Those guys we have sent out for the search,
they're missing too, it seems as if we're cursed.

Mayday, mayday!
Without a trace flight 19 got lost in the sky
Mayday, mayday!
Without a trace flight 19 got lost in the sky

Many ships and planes we miss
in this part of the Atlantic.
IN the Bermuda triangle
magnetic fields are disturbed sometimes.

Maybe that's a reason, but
who knows what really happened there?
Is the flying dutchman real,
are they transferred from space and time in another sphere?

Mayday, mayday!
Without a trace flight 19 got lost in the sky
Mayday, mayday!
Without a trace flight 19 got lost in the sky

b Atlantis

Drowned in the sea, some thousand years ago
we searched for ages for the place
but noone yet has found a way through the haze, no

Myths and legends wind 'round treasure there to find
a whole civilization died
and all they knew, it sunk with them in their grave

The scientists found out some theories about
an earthquake dragged it all away,
maybe this was meant in tales 'bout the flood...

The earth has changed its face and took our fruits away
We know, the people there were wise
was mankind's cradle lost before our time?

Mayday, mayday!
Mayday, mayday!
Without a trace Atlantis drowned into the sea
Without a trace Atlantis drowned into the sea

c Uninvited Visitors

I've seen, I have seen them, I know what I tell you
last night when I drove home they were there, this is true
They hung in the air above the motorway
then they came down to me
a phosphorising light piercing me and the
time, it stood still on the motorway
then they came down to me
a phosphorising light piercing me and the time, it stood still

I've heard from a neighbour, he saw them at home.
They stood before his window watching him, so
maybe they first want to study our life,
yeah, they study our life.
Before they get in contact with us they must know who we are.

Do you know 'bout the U.F.O.'s
maybe there's more life than we know
what comes now?  I am eager to know,
will they come back and clear our doubts?

Without a trace they came and left us in a mess
Without a trace they came and left us in a mess