Puff Daddy: You better be home 
Mary B's answering machine: Yo, whatsup, this is Mary, 
I'm not home, leave a message, peace 
Puff Daddy: Yo mary, it's Puff, pick up the phone nigga 
Hey yo Mary, it's Puff, hey, yo Mary yo, you got studio 
tonight, 8 o'clock, Hit Factory, in the mall, you gotta um, 
you gotta do this video shoot, get back to me...Yo I know 
you there man, pick up!! Shit, get back to me man, beep me, peace 

Kool Dj Red Alert: Mary, Maary, Mary, Mary, yo yo Mary, yo Mary, 
yo Mar-Mary, Mary, It's me, me, me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 
yeah, yeah, Kool Dj Red Alert, check this out, Mary, Mary, 
check this out, I wanna get with you later on, because I heard 
that you got it goin on with the whack, yeah give me some vinyl 
I heard about this album, you can't be doin this, Mary, Mary, 
we got to get together, c'mon, we gonna get around, you gonna have 
some drinks, gonna toss it up, ya know just tell me when ya want 
me comin over, ya know, then check it out, I don't have no limo 
but I got a skateboard, four wheel drive yo, we gonna get 
expensive alright, Mary, Mary, please Mary, you better let me sign 
up, ok? And the Puba's here too, cya! 

Christopher: Yo Mary this is Christopher Williams, call me back 
cause I just heard your album and I'm real interested in you doing 
a duet with me, Puffy got my number so get back with me alright? 
Peace

Jamie Brown: Mary, Mary quite contrary, this is Jamie Brown from sister 
to
sister, girl I just heard the record, I loved it, I wanna see you, 
I wanna meet you to see how you vibe, call me, ok? 

Eric Sermon: Yo Mary Blige, whatsup? This is Eric Sermon, MC 
Grand for ya, just wanna say whatsup. Good luck, cya. 

Andre: Mary whatsup? This is Andre Harrel, CEO, Chairman, Founder 
Uptown Records, I just wanted ta call ya letcha know that I 
heard ya album, you are outta outta here baby, peace, I'll cya 
number one. 

Heavy D: Yo Mary, this is Hev, where you at? 
Trying to see whatsup for the evening, give me a call, peace. 

Maceo: Hey Mary, whatsup Mary? Whatsup Mary, this is Maceo, you 
said you were gonna take that trip to Pluto with me, whatsup? 
Yo, give me a call later, peace 

Dj Clark Kent: Hey yo Mary J., this is Clark Kent, I just 
heard that album, dag, can I get like ten copies? That's for all 
my crew, make sure they playin it, I'm gonna run you ta death, 
you over baby, I'm gone. 

Kurt Juice: Yo Mary whatsup, this is Kurt Juice, Yo, whatsup, 
what's happening? You're late, c'mon, hurry up, hurry up, we 
gotta go get this money 

Little Shawn: Yo Mary whatsup? This is Little Shawn. When you get 
in, give me a call, or better yet beep me. peace. 

C.L. Smooth: Yo whatsup Mary J., this is C.L. Smooth, I'm down 
at the studio doing this remix, just come down there and lay down 
some vocals for me, aight baby? Call me when you get in, peace.