In the Alley
                            Oh yeah...
                            You know what I'm sayin'...
                            We peel mothafuckin' cops around here...
                            You can't come around here talkin' that shit
                            You'll get a mothafuckin' bullet in your head and 
wind up dead
                            You know what I'm sayin', I'll send you home in a 
bodybag you fag
                            And I'm 'a tell you somethin' right now -
                            don't come to the alley with that bullshit 
[bullshit]
                            Hey Ren, who's talkin' shit? 
                            Hey nigga where that shit happenin' at lo'?
                            Right up my alley I see fiends and things
                            But you know it ain't over 'till the black nigga 
sings
                            And he's singin' the blues in holey shoes
                            While he's sippin' on brews
                            'Cuz every week he see a nigga's killed in the news
                            In the alley all the hard heads kick it
                            Don't permit the suckerz cuz they rob the 
mothafuckaz
                            Niggaz gettin' high and high 'till they drop
                            So fucked up - they start shootin' at the cops
                            Old ladies complain but there ain't shit they can do
                            I run dead in the house slap the bitches with a shoe
                            I sell my dope and I ain't ashamed to say it
                            Cuz I got Bills and mothafuckaz won't pay it
                            In the alley - Bitches sell pussy real cheap
                            Waitin' to rob the trick when the fucka fall asleep
                            Bitches 15-16 got the claps
                            And crabs in their pussy crawl around in the naps
                            Sucked up ho's with toejams in their toes
                            dirty ass clothes, with boogers in their nose
                            Roamin', zonin' lookin' for dick to suck
                            Walk around in a daze like they don't give a fuck
                            IN THE ALLEY ..
                            Hey man, look at these mothafuckin' basehead 
bitches ...
                            Nigga you pop a gang of shit but ah nigga
                            Where you from ?
                            Right up my alley niggaz trip cars that they stole
                            And niggaz outside look for wayz to get swole
                            Takin' turns, sippin' on the 40 oz
                            Poppin' some funky shit by the D.O.C
                            I'm with my nigga little nation or my homey named 
snoop
                            My nigga DJ train he hittin' corner in de coop
                            Pullin' up I give him gat - axin' if he put in work
                            Lookin' like a straight G - with some khaki's and a 
T-shirt
                            We sit at the table slappin' bones
                            While the little BG'z fight with the sticks and the 
stones
                            Tryin' to get a name for the self yo but why
                            So all the little fuckers get in the G and do a 
driveby
                            Take down some rivals 'cross-town
                            They're back to the alley where they can't be found
                            Police come around and try to find 'em
                            But the whole fuckin' set is standing right there 
behind them
                            Open up fire on the pigs now they cook
                            They did'nt know what hit 'em cuz the niggaz had to 
get 'em
                            IN THE ALLEY ..
                            Officers down, officers down, we need assistance in 
the alley ..
                            You're talkin' shit but where was you nigga?
                            Standin' in the alley with my nigga Juvinalle for a 
while
                            This nigga try to rush it but the fool was livin' 
foul
                            Tryin' to get a name but did it all the wrong wayz
                            My brother cocked the fucker, threw his ass in a 
daze
                            People crowded 'round like a fly on shit
                            Everybody had to stand cuz there ain't nowhere to 
sit
                            This little punk he was new to the alley
                            He rolled with some white mothafuckaz in the valley
                            Now he's on his back lookin' up in all these faces
                            I bet he won't open up his mouth in no more places
                            And he don't know, he won't go but now he has to go
                            My brother picked him up and started hittin' him 
some more
                            Then every nigga had to get a turn
                            To make sure that this mothafucka learn
                            Niggaz kickin' him - hittin' him with bricks
                            Check it, and my homey lit his pitbull bite off his 
dick
                            And to top it off before my brother left the scene
                            He emptied off his clip with the whole 15
                            IN THE ALLEY ..