Little Girl: Daddy, what's it gonna be like in the year 2000?
      Dad: Well sweetheart, for your sake I hope it'll all be peaches &
      cream.
      But I'm afraid the end time is near. The cataclysmic apocalypse
      refered
      to in the scriptures of every hole book know to mankind. It will be an
      era fraught with boundless greed & corruption, where global monitary
      systems disintegrate, leaving brother to kill brother for a grain of
      over
      cook rice. The nations of the civilized world will collapse under the
      impressive weight of parasitic political conspiracies which remove all
      hope & optimism from their once faithfull citizens. Around the globe,
      generations of polluters will be punished for their sins. Unsheilded
      by the O-zone they have successfully depleted, left to bake in the
      cering naked rays of light. Wholesale assassinations served to
      destabilize
      every remaining government, leaving the starving & wicked to fend
      for themselves. Bloodthirsty renegade cyborgs created by tax dodging
      corporations reek havok. Pissed off androids tired of being slaves to
      a godless & gutless system, where the rich get richer & the poor get
      fucked over and out, unleash total world wide destruction by means
      of nuclear holocaust, annihilating the terrified masses, leaving in
      its
      torturous wake nothing but vicious, cannibalistic, mutating,
      radiating,
      and horribly dis-figured hordes of satanic killers, ?begged on
      revenge,
      but against home?, there are so few left alive. Starvation reins
      supreme,
      forcing unlucky survivers to eat anything & anyone in their path.
      Massive earthquakes crack the planets crust like a hollow egg shell,
      causing unending volcanic eruptions. Creatures of the seven seas,
      unable to escape the certain death upon land, boil in their liquid
      prison.
      Disease then circles the earth, plagues & viruses with no known cause
      or cure laying waste to whatever draws breath, and human-kind having
      proven itself to be nothing more than a race of ruthless scavengers,
      fall
      victim to merciless attacks at the hands of interplanetary alien
      tribes who
      seek to conquer our charred remains. This is Extinction Level Event,
      The
      Final World Front. And there is Only, One, Year, Left.
      Little Girl: Wow, that's cool, I can't hardly wait!
      Dad: You don't have to, beacause here it is..........echos out
      Busta Rhymes: Callin all live niggaz!!!!
      Callin all live bitches!!!!
      We got a job for yall on planet earth
      Flipmode World Domination in progress..
      Mutha Fuckas!!!!!........