N we are  Mo Thug, Mo Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo
Mo Thug, Mo Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo Mo Thug, Mo Mo Mo Thug   One of deez
soldias, told ya I done told ya, Mo Thug is takin ova  Situationz even
though it seemz, playa hataz everywhere, but thatz an everyday thing,  So I
continue to stack my green I mean,  that i love it, I'm above it Can ya
feel ah, real ah,  Mo thuggish ruggish bandit that'll kill ya, drill ya
Pap pap pap pap  Itz tha Krayzie B.O.N.E. who stays strapped,  Be havin much
love for you real strong  Got faith in God cant go wrong  Gotta hold on,
stay strong,  given up prop to tha double glock  Cuz the way we kickin
it just wont stop Mo thuggin always makin shots  Everybody, hook up with
somebody,  we havin a party, we here till we pass out,  until it be
ovah, ahh be it, so come on ova  We doin this 7 day, and it's all day,
so follow me if ya wanna feel the love  Love, we havin a hell of a party.  Parlay parlay.  Hey this could be anotha wonderful day,  we think about bang
maintain maintain, its Mo Thug its the same thing If we got the pops Mo
Thug the block baby.  Put out the shots the shots we can't stop, won't stop,  went to receive ah, everything ah see a swisha sweeta  Creepah, won't ya, fly for the sky with me, come on get high with me,  and when you see it'sonly real when you ride with me! [ride with me]  We are havin a party party [we havin a party] party party party party [wehavin a party] We are havin a party party [we havin a party] party party party party[heeeyaayaayeey!!]
We are havin a party party party party.   Party! Thug Devotion! Thug
Devotion! Blessing all the children  God bless all his children  We got
it all for yaa! All for yaa!  We be smokin thugs in motion. Ohhh!   Can
you feel ah my magic?  Lettin ya have it,  comin with the automatic weapon 
status  All of my thugs is here for yo safety  Everybody be glad 
they had us Cuz we so thuggish Ruggish,  and yo we good humble 
people,  only tryin to teach the world to be a thug in harmony so 
peace, Bone And i know i can reach those, blowin this instrumental 
wide open,  makin examples out of weak soldiers,  giving you the 
real Thugster Devotion.  Bringin my city wit' me in me,  everyday 
it's goin down,  in a town I stay, come around my way,  hear the 
beat to the thugster sound.  With all of my peoples on their feet,  
now can I get a MO' MO' MO'! [mooooooo!] We never come weak, we 
always strong, that's how we roll [rooooolll] [thas how we roll.]   
Thas how we wrestle when the smoke is in the air,  playaz from 
everywhere,  stayin true to the game, ridin reels, well it's 
prepared  Got my mind,  focused on this whole Mo' Thug staff How we 
dip n dab,  lay a path, and then stab  Thas how we be everyday, 
routine,  playa, grab your green Make 'em come clean, before you 
hit the scene You know what I mean, know what I mean?  Just pop a 
love, flow it, all the way around Mo Thug,  puttin it down, comin 
straight from the C town  Round up ya soldias, cuz it just don't 
stop  It's all about Mo Thug, all the way to the [toooooop] top 
[yea, yea.]   Yo, rollin with mo', soldiers.   [these are the 
streets of heaven, heaven]  I said you rollin with mo' soldiers.   
[these are the streets of heaven, heaven]  This is all Mo Thug, Mo 
Thug  This is all Mo Thug, Mo Thug Much love, much love,  This is 
all Mo Thug, Mo thug  This is all Mo Thug, Mo Thug Much love much 
love much love   Thug Devotion! Whooaaoaa. Blessing all the 
children.  Comin to ya straight from Cleveland!  We got it all for 
yaa! Yea!  We be smokin thugs in motion, Yea ah [repeated] Thug 
Devotion!