"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeated throughout]

[Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen.. Fre-fre-fre-fresh!

[T.I. - talking]
T.I.P., aye!
I know a lot of y'all niggaz out there, man who ain't up on this down south shit
Probably wonderin' what the fuck you listenin' to right now, ahah!
King amongst kings! It's an absolute honor and a pleasure y'know I'm sayin'
To bring you.. some gangsta shit of catastrophic proportions
All the UGK alumni like myself know what this is man
Hey Bun! Pimp C nigga!

[T.I.]
I gotta '66 Impala so fresh
White top, burnt drop wit' the choppers on deck
It was off, Panda motor on a '94 'Vette
Fish bowl, televisions pimpin' I ain't done yet
I got the cherry red leather and I'm sittin' on chrome
On 26 inches just to get my roll on
On a Jeezy songs on, make them bitches get low
I get that ass raised up, like Dr. Dre six four
Hey, come up in my hood, bet them bitches know Tip
If you tell 'em you wit' him, all them bitches gon' strip
If I show up in yo' hood, I bet you niggaz won't trip
Once I empty out this clip, I bet you niggaz gon' dip
Or get hit up in yo'...

"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!
"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!

[Bun B]
It's the Gulf Way Boulevard gangsta
Swangin' on T.I., essence of fo's essence of fo's
Pirellis and blades 'em crews of hoe
I'm a playa, you can tell by how I choose my hoes
When it gets to swangin' on the curb, you might lose ya toes
Dedicated to the slab slab, the dunks dunks, the drops drops
The candy painted cars wit' the chopped off tops off tops
Now put ya diamonds up against the wood wheel
Lean back or throw ya leather, chunk a deuce, and show your grill
Keep it trill, this the south baby, Texas and GA
T.I. reppin' for Bankhead, I'm reppin' for P.A. for P.A.
Now pop ya trunk, get it crunk, it's time to ride
Show them boys you got that front back and side to side baby

"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!
"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!

[Pimp C]
I'm switchin' lane to lane uh, leanin' on the switch on the switch
Sippin' on the barre, smokin' green and hittin' licks
Bumpin' Too $hort baby, in the candy red whips whips
Drop the top and pimp the lot and watch the trunk do tricks do tricks
Pimp C, I keep my money on my mind mind
Keep a hooker on the track and keep a swisher full of pine pine
If y'know like I know, you wouldn't try it try it
Wanna jack me for my candy car, you must wanna die wanna die
But I don't really wanna hit ya wit' this hot thang
I just wanna get some brain in the turnin' lane
Comin' down creepin' slow, sippin' on a poor fo'
Bangin' on the screw, and keep the pistol right here in the do' [echoes]

"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!
"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]
And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!!
"Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - [repeat 2X]