[Intro/Chorus 4X: sample of M.I.A.'s "Paper Planes"]
"No one on the corner has swagger like us"
"Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us"

[Chorus]

[Kanye West]
"No one on the corner" Mr. West is in the building
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
"No one on the corner" Aiyyo I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question?
Hermes pastel, I passed the dressing
My attitude is tattooed
That mean it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh?
"No one on the corner" My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
Why he so mad for? Why he gotta have it?
Cause a slave my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit, and the urine?
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryna get that Kobe number, one over Jordan

[Chorus]

[Jay-Z]
Yeah..
"No one on the corner" Got a bop like this
Can't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit
No one on the corner got a pocket like this
So I rock Roc jeans cause my knots so thick
You can learn how to dress just for checking my fresh
Checking-checking my fresh, checking-checking my fresh
Follow my steps is the road to success
Where the niggas know you're thorough when the girls say yes yes!
"No one on the corner" But I can't teach 'em my swag
You can pay for school but you can't buy class
"No one on the corner" School of hard knocks I'm a grad
And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap
It's Hooooo-vahhhhh
Dippin-dippin Rovers, whippin with the soda
Hooooo-vahhhhh
Did you even have any doubt after doubt it was over?

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
No one on the corner has swagger like moi
Church, and I'm too clean for the choir
I require, but I desire
I got stripes, A-di-das
Mamis scream, "?Papi no mas!"
Run up in your shit just me, no mas
Running this shit like I got four' tires
No one has swagger like these for' guys
Now when it comes to styles, I got several
Sharper than the swagger, dagger or metal
And my jew-els, blue and yellow
The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo
Who's as follows stay true to the ghetto
Write your name on the bullet make you feel special
Ha! What the fuck you boys talking 'bout?
I know it's us cause we the only thing you talk about
And I'm gone... bye... yeah

[Chorus - during last line]

[T.I.]
Hah, you see? That's right
Ay, you know see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play
Kanyeezy for diversity and me for controversy
I'm a verse that's picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose
You ain't living what you kicking then you worthless
Lookin from the surface it may seem like I got reason to be nervous
Been observant, work to see if my adversity was worth it
Verse is autobiographical, absolutely classical
Last thing I'm worried 'bout is what another rapper do
Ain't nobody hot as me
Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstanding quality
Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that
But spin real life on hot beats, I'm the truth at
You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary
Living revolutionary, nothing less than legendary
Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad
Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[T.I. - over Chorus]
Okay, yeah, that's right
Okay, yeah, so you notice huh
Hah, yeah, okay, tell 'em for me shawty
Yeah, that's right, yeah