[Chorus: T.I.]
Ey, What's Haapnin' What it is you all
All you haters, Can get at me Center Hill, {?} What it do
'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin'Church Creek, South Grand stand up
But am serious It's the king bitch, yeah
Haters, so all I got to say is WHAT UP!? Here we go
What's haapnin', What's haapnin' baby
All you haters HEY! I know you had a good time didn't ya
'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin'
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up, what's haapnin'
All you haters, Can get at me
'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin'
But am serious
Haters, so all I got to say is WHAT UP!?

[Verse 1: T.I.]
What it is bruh, What it do man,
Still the man from Japan to the blue flame that right
Still hit the door and make it rain with the loose change
I bet that what he get a show, now that's a damn shame hahahaha
I get that what he hatin' fo', boy u so damn lame
Ya click the same, a just a buncha walkin' shit stains click finish
Disgrace the '80, gave the city such a bad name
You way back in ma rare view mirror, I'm in the fast lane
But still I hear ya loud 'n' clear on ya little' song
Go on get you dissin' on while the king gone
Ya self-esteem gone, 'cause I'm back now
let's see if we can't teach these niggas how to act now
Ya kissin' at them, ya jumpin' bad now
I check ya ass den, I shut ya ass down
And I deliver front 'n' center never back down
Who get the last laugh now sucker nigga

[Verse2: T.I.]
I got a front street swag and a side street hustle
Center Hill, Cedar Ave, that's where I be sucker
South Grand church street, first with the work
We can get into commercial if you need some chirp me
Hey, what I care 'bout who you askin' saying they ain't heard of me
I'm certified certainly your videos ain't hurtin' me uh-uh
I still ride with the windows rolled down
All around the A-town
Like its fina' go down
If there was ever any questions niggas fina' know now
Won't retire ma thorn, nor surrender no crown
I never bow down
And never say "bye"
Ms. "to whom it may concern" and whosoever may try
I'm forever west-side and the feather-weight guy
Tell 'em take they best shot
Go'on get ya self high
'Cause I yelled "Bankhead" and you felt left out
I ain mentioned yo' name, is that what all this 'bout?

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
From summer hill to the hill up him Hollywood okay
A house full, gettin' to it, you know how we do it
Yea we smoke great great and we drink good good
Then we ball hard, just like G'z should
Buy what we want, drive what we want
G4 up up and away, we go, we fly where we want
Haters smile like they like me but they really don't
Wish they could just wish me away that what they really want
"I really hate his ass","I don't like him either"
"We'll do a song together maybe then we can beat him"
Somehow he must be stopped, somethin' must be done
"If we can't knock him off, let's just try him when he get caught with guns"
"And if he really done, 'n' we really won"
"Anymore ideas, I got somethin' suggestions anyone"
"How 'bout we stay up all night, on the blog sites"
"Spread vicious lies 'n' nasty rumors we could all write"
But that's alright, let the nerds hate
'Cause in ma face though, the words get ate
Hating's hard work, but I just bounce back
'cause God work tell all the haters am back!

[Chorus]