Who's down, down down down.
I'm down for my krown, no lie oh I stay high so high.
I die for my krown, spittin K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E
I'm down for my krown, put it down for the underground world renowned,
I die for my krown straight K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E.

k-m-k m-o-b I'm a lifer
bitch this? my family these the only ones I die for.
This ain't no fuckin act, not tryin to be a star, 
We just some free thinkers, with a lot of heart.
People get confused, miscommunications 
on the local news world revelations
We choose different view, more time for meditation.  
I value every situation we get placed in.
Kottonmouth kings is a lifestyle movement. 
Only way to get it done is if you do it.
I ain't gonna be on the one left lookin stupid, 
60 wishin I did more shit while I could.
Fuck yea my heart beats cuz the krown.
Everyday wake up in a different town, 
This ain't becuz of luck this is pure destiny.
I wear my krown on my chest for everybody to see.

I'm down for my krown, no lie oh I stay high so high.
I die for my krown, spittin K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E
I'm down for my krown, put it down for the underground world renowned,
I die for my krown straight K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E.

Well let me take it back to 1995, I was 18 years old writin the kings first rhymes

Kottonmouth was born it was just startin to pop
Had a two song demo people thought it was hot.
So we started playin shows representin for the krown,
Time to let the world know how the kings get down.
Didn't have no band just my mind and a mic, 
I spit one verse people said D-Loc was tight,
That was all it took so I didn't look back.
Next thing you know record deal livin phat.
Tourin the country putting up some stacks
MTV can't rock this and that. 
Its 2004 still kickin down the door, 
9 years later people askin for more. 
Come holler at a G it's the D.L.O.C. 
There's no one in the world more down than me. 

I'm down for my krown, no lie oh I stay high so high.
I die for my krown, spittin K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E
I'm down for my krown, put it down for the underground world renowned,
I die for my krown straight K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E.

Who's down, down, down, down.
For real, ya'll bud smokers know me.
That notorious pimp King X Daddy.
The ferocious old school punk rock MC
Spittin lyrics from the spirit teachin you to be free.
Hot damn I gotta say whats up to the sounds that put us on the map all across the land
I see tattoo, T-shirts, heads repin our band, smoking us out, shakin our hands
10 years later ain't nothing really changed still late on the rent, knee deep in the game
yea I sign an autograph or too, your thinking me, I'm thinking you

I'm down for my krown, no lie oh I stay high so high.
I die for my krown, spittin K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E
I'm down for my krown, put it down for the underground world renowned,
I die for my krown straight K.I.N.G for L.I.F.E