[Intro: Some guys talking]
The spiked red hair...and the..and the, paint on his face
Whow, hold on man, Tech is losein' it man
He's not as grounded as he used to be
Tech was a devil worshiper
You know you see a black dude with red hair
And a long beard, I mean look he look scary to me too
Yeah that nigga Tech man he sellin' out man
That..that's he's doin' that for the white folks
That white shit he doin' man

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I've been writing for
Nineteen years for sure
Haters in these times
Niggaz don't wanna see me shine
Stop me, and then try and tell me Come gangsta
And then compare me to Nelly What ya bang bra
So this songs is gonna tell me ??
Hey, I've been bustin'
And fizz knuckin' bitches
It tizz nothin' for years puffin'
I've been clutchin' riches from his muffin'
Heres fuck you niggaz this is toughin' I
Don't know what the fuck you thinkin' tellin me this shit is hella fake
Say, since way back in the days rappin'
The blaze happen
I raised raves craves days would blade packin'
And stage saggin'
Theys wackin' Nina stays layed backin' I
Rap at niggaz contantly they never know the money Nina makes
Hey, this is amazin' how niggaz formulate they hatin'
You fuckin' fornicate your mistakin'
We can never coralate cause you fakin', huh
Who's bringin' in through the bacon, huh
Who's keepin' this shakin', huh
Got any questions Sinister Tech and Tecca Nina niggaz know the rest
Gay, is all you punks and mitch bades diss in your trunk won't get played on the radio
Too gangsta for an old lady bro
Gangsta niggaz don't hate me no
Wanksta niggaz won't face me though
Talkin' shit and ?? people tellin' me that I really need a vest
Okay

[Bridge 1: Tech N9ne]
I rep the town harder than any of you niggaz
Where ever I stand my bills the same punk
And you got the nerve to tell me

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
Come gangsta
Throw your rags in the air
And know that nobody there
Will compare to your gangsta
Saggin' pants to the floor
Every womens a bitch or a whore
When your gangsta
Pack ya guns in the club
If they shrug to them thugs mean mug ya come gangsta
Is what they sayin' to me

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I shoulda been done come wit a gun
For the ones who bump they gums who the one
Said a nigga was'nt gonna make another record said I was wack and washed up done
Said a nigga might scare lil' ones
He's a fuckin' nightmare, here he comes
Really red hair and my face painted
They said Gangsta
?? is so Gangsta
But I really ain't Gangsta
I need to come up wit a Gangsta
Scritch the scratch the nigga fat tone is so Gangsta
You need a bit of that Gangsta
You need to hang wit a Gangsta
Mr. Stinky vigalante so Gangsta
Brother Lynch is Gangsta
?? is Gangsta
57 RDVs are so Gangsta
The nigga fifty is so Gangsta
They say
When you in them streets, creep creep
Cause some gangstas want a head blast
Cause I run with the red rags
And try make the feds flash
Try to swipe my bread stash
That's that bullshit I'm gon skip and try to go get the money grip
Okay, you niggaz kill me in Nosferatu ?? bit my shit
Cause you niggaz fill me surprised that I got you right here with my shit
So you gotta be thankfull to who?
By the way homie what's gangsta to you?
Money, dope and alcohol and plenty bitches all up on your dick
I got that
How can C-Bo be wrong?
How can Yukmouth be wrong?
How can Lynch be wrong?
How can 2Pac be wrong? Bitch!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
I've been nice to you rapper cats for a long time
I left Kansas City so them other cats can gon shine
But it seems these punks are confussed because I'm my own kind
But I'm back on deck cause Kansas City is who's throne? Mine!
This ain't no punk shit
Nigga this is strength at it's finest
I made this shit so you all you sins can rewind it
Meaning, you pussys who says this Tech shit ain't hard for real
And try to disregard the real
You mutherfuckers is hard to feel
I get your death threats cause I'm the king bitch
Money, groupies, drugs, alcohol and bling shit
But I stay a hella game
And you punks is so lame
Cause my mobbin' gangsta track will destroy your whole tank
I've been with every rapper who's legendary
Underground to mainstream know that Tech is very hard
Cause I bring the heater
Love me cause I'm your leader
Bitches they suck my peter
While I drinkin' Margaritas
Niggaz get layed down
Seven displayed sounds
N9ne the crayzed klown
Lines like sprayed rounds
This is for all you haters who don't pump my shit
If you say this ain't gangsta then you can suck my dick!
I might look like a clown
But you niggaz sound like a motherfuckin' circus
Fuck you motherfuckers!

[Outro: Yukmouth]
This nigga is the tightest nigga movin' man
I mean...Tech N9ne will demolish all you niggaz
From the stage show, to rockin' the mic you name it
Thats why I roll wit him he my favorite rapper real talk
Tech N9ne