[Verse 1]
Fall into a spell way deeper than hell
Sensation was given to me from my homegirl Shell
Told me, since I was in pain and I like 2 rebel
This Motorola I'm giving you will suit you real well

10 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes feelin' funny butterflies
My eyes dilate another size overwhelming sense of love
Got this nut so sprung
Walk up to a stranger baby, can I suck your tongue

Tingling baby got me feeling like mingling baby
This is a hella higher learning than singleton baby
One minute I'm cold next one I'm heat
Get me some, big red so I don't grind my teeth

This is deep I take another one and another one
And another one, uh oh here comes the other ones,
I'm stimulated man I'm hella blown away
And all the problems that I had have all gone away.

I pop another pill and Imma take a sip of Caribou to wash it down
Ya thinkin' Imma overdose, I never had a moment that'll turn a nigga round
I really wanna give you what I got up in my dickies in the bed I wanna start
I feel I wanna fuck you but my dick is really numb and I don't see me getting hard

She told me take this cap of G.H.B. with a gulp of Mountain Dew
With glee so I can possibly end my existence
G.H.B. ain't no need 4 resistance, extacy

[Chorus]
Yeah, X.T.C. I love you very much [repeat 3 times]
G.H.B., shrooms and weed
This is the Tech N9NE experience
Yeah A.C.I.D. I love you very much [repeat 3 times]
P.C.P., Carabou leez
This is the Tech N9NE experience

[Verse 2]
I'm on 5 pills and a cap of date rape one caraboulou
And it ain't even late, great
I feel good; let's go to the x house
That's where Heather and Margie got everybody x'ed out

Walk in the crib, my homegirl say Tech's with me
Cause she know all the bitches wanna get next to me
Imma star and ladies wanna have sex with me
But the bitches still get jealous off of extacy.

It's like 30 people in the house
Rave bitches messaging glow sticks in the mouth
I take another cap of G. with my Mountain Dew
In higher than the top floor at the Fountain Bleu

Somebody said they got the chronic light it up man
Let's smoke it all till we fall then get up again
I wanna fuck but I'm numb cause I'm thizzled up
Skip to the lou I try to piss dick is shriveled up

My nigga Kutt got the blunt nigga pass it
I didn't even know you was here so
He passed it with a couple hits of acid
Like I refuse to stay alive, it's pills and mo thrills
I'm lucky if I survive; I'm high

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Dipped out the x house it's right around two
Off to Westport to kick it with the Hurricane crew
Saw my niggas C & G after party at the room
My homegirl Ieasha slid me a couple grams of shrooms

Damn, it don't stop embassy suites 3 o'clock
With my niggas C & G, they got hella G. & E.
I get two mo hits of that X.T.C. shit
I don't wanna come down off that X.T.C. trip

Bitches, in the room lookin' so fresh so clean a couple
Hella high panties and bra no jeans
My nigga said that he got codeine
Mixed it with cherry Robitussin and juice I took a sip of his lean

In the bathroom to bust a shit
I couldn't do it so my bitch came to suck the dick
It was hard and soft but hard enough to penetrate the slit
Bout 20 minutes damn near fainted when it was time to spit

5 o'clock in the morning and we still zoned
7 o'clock in the morning pill is still on
This life I live I might not die if let lone
Love my experience this is my fucked up life
Don't try this at home

[Chorus]