Young Money
Ya Dig

A millionaire, I'm a young money millionaire
Tougher than nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career this isn't fair 
I'm a venereal disease like menstrual, bleed 
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet
In my mind cause I don't write shit cause I ain't got time
Cause my seconds, minutes, hours  go to the all mighty dolla
And the all mighty power of that ch, ch, ch, ch choppa
Sista brotha son daughta fatha mothafuck a coppa
Got tha maserati dancin' on the bridge pussy poppin'
Tell tha coppers hahahaha you can't catch em you can't stop em
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat em then you pop em
You can't man em then you mop em,
You can't stand em then you drop em,
You pop em cause we pop em like Orville Redenbacher!! 
Mothafucka I'm ILL

A million here a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair 
Wit coke in the derriere
Like smokin the thinest air
I open the lamborgini hopin' them crackers see me
Like look at that bastard weezy
He's a beast he's a dog he's a mothafuckin problem
OK your a goon but what's a goon to a goblin
Nothin, Nothin you ain't scarin' nothin
On some faggy bullshit call him Denise Rodman
Call me whatcha want bitch,call me on my sidekick
Never answer when its private, DAMN i hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? 
Yea I ate a shy bitch 
She ain't shy nomore she changed her name to me bitch
hahahaha yea nigga that's my bitch
So when she ask for the money when you through don't be surprised bitch
It ain't trickin' if you got it 
But you like a bitch wit no ass you ain't go shit
Mothafucker I'm ill, not sick 
And im ok but my watch sick, yea my drop sick, yea my glock sick and my knot thick
IM It! 
Mothafucka IM Ill!

Yea.
See..
Thay say I'm rappin like Big, Jay and Tupac, Andre 3000 where is Erykah Baduh at? Who dat?
Who that say they gonna beat Lil' Wayne 
My name ain't BIC, but I keep that flame man 
Who dat one
Dat do dat boy
Yall knew dat
True dat swallow
And I be the shit now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Haha, and I'd rather be pushing flowers  
Than to be in the penn sharing showers 
Ha, Tony told us this world was ours
and the Bible told us every girl was sour
dont play in the garden and dont smell her flower
call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
boy I got so many bitches like Im Michael Lowry
even Gwen Stefani said she couldnt doubt me
Mothafucka I say like fake shit without me
Chrome lips poking out the coup look like its pawting
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it Bitch
I could turn a crack rock into a mountain, dare me
Don't you compare me cuz there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me, but they hear me
They don't feel me, but they fear me.
IM ILLIE
C3
3P
Hahahaha