[Intro Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Where's my coffee? 
Good Morning Doctor Carter Hey Sweetie 
Looks like its going to be a long day. Ahh another one what we got? 
Your first patient Yeah 
Is suffering from a lack of concept Uh-Huh 
Originality Ugh 
His flow is weak Another one 
And he has no style Ugh 
Whatcha got for um? 

[Verse 1 Lil Wayne]
Ok.Let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on. 
Dr.Carter to the rescue. Excuse me if I'm late, 
But like a thief it takes time to be this great. 
Ha! so just wait. Your style is a disgrace, 
Your rhymes are fifth place and im just grace. 
One, Uno, Ace and im tryin to make your heart beat like bass, 
But your sweet like cake and i come to fix 
Whatever you shall break. Where is your originality? 
You are so fake so picture me like a gallery. 
Capture What i say. All i need is one mic. All i need is one take. 
Like hey, brighter then the sun ray got a pistols on the playground. 
Watch the gunplay like.No kidding. No kids in the way, 
But the kids do watch. Gotta Watch what we say. Gotta work everyday. 
Gotta not be Cliche. 
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K. 
Gotta kick it kick it like the sensai. 
You gotta have faith you gotta gotta wait wait.. 

[Verse 2 Lil Wayne]
Okay. 
Respect is in the heart. 
So thats where i'ma start. 
And a lot of heart patients don't make it. 
Now hey kids 
Plural I graduated 
Cause you could get through anything if Magic made it. 
And that was called recycling 
Or rereciting 
Something cause you just like it 
So you say it just like it. 
Some say its biting 
But i say its enlightning 
Besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest. 
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest. 
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest. 
Authritist in my hand from writing. 
But i'ma docter they don't understand my writing. 
So i stop writing. 
Now i'm like lighting. 
And you ain't Fish Young so don't clash with the Titans. 
Fast and exciting. 
My Passion is Frighting. 
Now let me put some more Vocab in your I.V. 
Here take this Vicatin 
Like it and love it 
And confidence has no budget so pay me no mind i don't walk like i talk it cause i'm running
I don't do it cause i done it and i'm in the emergency punnet. 

[Verse 3 Lil Wayne]
Swagger Tighter Then A Yeast Infection. 
Fly Go Hard Like Geast Erection. 
Fashion Patrol Police Detection. 
I Stay Tight Like Chinese Connection. 
I Stay Tight Like Pussy At Night. 
Baby Don't Get Me Wrong I Could Do That Pussy Right. 
But I'm Too Wrong To Write. 
Too Fresh To Fight. 
Too Paid To Freestyle. 
Too Paid To Freestyle. 
I Had To Say It Twice 
Swagger So Nice. 
And Don't Ask Me Shit Unless It Concern A Price. 
And I Don't Rap Fast I Rap Slow. 
Cause I Mean Every Letter In The Words In The Setence Of My Quotes. 
Swagger Just Flow Sweeter Then Honey Oats. 
That Swagger I Got It I Wear It Like A Coat. 
Wait, As I Put The Light Down His Throat. 
I Can Only See Flow. 
His Blood Starting To Flow. 
His Lungs Starting To Grow. 
This One Starting To Show. 
Strong Signs Of Life. 
Wheres The Stiches Heres The Knife. 
Smack His Face His Eyes Open. 
I Reply With A Nice Welcome Back. 
Hip Hop I Saved Your Life.