[Intro]
So youve got so ma-ny daimonds,
You wear all the finest clothes,
And your grill is shinin,
As you're driving down the streets of gold,
But you can't, blame, me if i set this stage on fire

[Verse 1]
Mama always told me i was crazy,
My hoes say im amazing,
But i dont listen to a lady,
But the bitch say im hot,
And i say no bitch im blazin, like what the fuck do you expect, im muthafuckin cajun
I feel caged in my mind, its like my flow doin time, i goes crazy inside, but when it comes
Out its fine, like wine, wait, watch, see i get better in time like a watch osh-be-gosh-posh
Wife's husband cookin kick it like i kick it bitch i kicks it. no cereal like a land and i
Sticks it.whatever she asks me, after she licks it. thats too explicit, well why you
Listenin, sniff i smell smoke, is somethin sizzlin? thats a pussy, so hey pussy play with
Pussy, or play pussy.

[Hook]
But you cant, blame, me if i set this stage on fire.

[Verse 2]
They say ya know body till somebody kills you well why im from ya nobody till you kill somebody.
And you know what they say, when you break, its not murder, its assasinate. so assasinate me
Bitch! cause im doin the same shit martin luther king did, checkin in the same hotel, and the
Same suite bitch, same balcony like,"ASSASINATE ME BITCH!!" slim toche, i dont rap, i sell
Movies. hear my rap, u can call me mr. directors chair, yeah, and thats a wrap. cut on to the
Next, not the next scene, bitch the next check. some say that ex. makes the sex spec., so play
With the pussy or play pussy.

[Intro]
Hey pussy, hey pussy, get em.

[Verse 3]
Straight off the corner of apple and eagle,
Braveheart bitch like the times of midevil
Married to the game that warns the cathedral,
Standin on tha corner sellin porcialin to people.
Forced into evil, its all in ya head, its all so cerebral, call me kinevil you follow and ill lead you
Straight to the needle the bottles, the battles, the beetles will eat you,
Mama named Setha, I love you Setha, remember when your pussy set set you up and tried to feed
Ya, remember when i went into the kitchen got the cleaver, he aint give a fuck, i aint give a
Fuck niether, he could see the devil see the devil in my features, you can smell it either,
You could see Setha, you could see the Setha see the Setha in my features, cause she dont
Play niether

[Hook]

Setha, 3P