[CHORUS:]
They say that one little lie turns into another. Then you go and cheat
By the time you know it, you all wrapped up in a whole bunch of seaweed
You should listen to your mama and listen to your daddy when they try to speak
And tell you that there's just too many fishes in the sea.

No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no no no.

Now this thing here, no cause concern, but
It's just another story about a shark eating worms
It's not a riddle, but subliminally catches on
How one little lie can turn into a bigger one

When I was a young guppy in the sea
You could see all the bigger fish picking on me
'Cause they knew I didn't really have the guard or bullet
And the other sharks that have teeth sharper than me

I'm a never-ending story about a shark this big
The load of kids that got an act for fizz
So sit back, kick back with a bag of chips
While I tell you 'bout something stupid I did

[CHORUS]

I'm off to work but I'm late hey But what can I say? hey
I'm cool with the boss and of course it's a payday
We reachin' the weekend and I'll be treatin' my baby
Typical day, dude's in the way  But hey wait!
Shark's in the water. Gotta duck in the corner 'til I'm caught
I'm a talk and a walk where I wanna
eatin' the seaweed. Sippin' this green tea.
Big fish in this small world. They'll all believe me 
For knocking a shark off, protecting my city 
They all grab my CD and now I'm a popular rock star.
Like it or not though. I'm a marvelous artist.
Working my hardest and becoming a starfish.

Now what am I to do? The boss is on my back.
I gotta follow his orders when sharks attack
It's a dangerous scene. But I'm a Rasta man
Cross me and my brother, it will cost ya, man.
And this little pip squeak is gettin' on my nerves.
So my tentacles should give him just what he deserves.
So you better swim fast 'cause I'm after ya
And go and hide inside the mouth of a clam or somethin'.
Cause I'm out and about. I'm bad news.
A henchman - a jellyfish with an attitude. So listen. 
Swim for your life 'cause I'm on your tail
So frightenin' I scare a snail outta it's shell.

[CHORUS]

I love this liquid. I'm silly when I'm in it and I bet
This water we're standing in is wet. Duh.
What do you expect from me? 
I'm a platinum Jack Dempsey. Trying to get a fee.
And everybody know that I'm the G of the sea.
I just knocked this shark off. The dude tried to eat me.
I guess he didn't like me. It might be because I'm a Pisces.
They always try to take me lightly. So why the trouble?
I just wanna hustle and multiply bubbles and pump my muscles.
I don't want to make a mistake 'cause these fishermen will set you up
And I ain't fallin' for the bait 

Daddy  what are we gonna do with a fish with a tattoo? 
We're gonna eat him. What do you think?

I'm a lion fish with dreams of making it big.
House in the ocean, three ugly kids.
And why everybody keep on picking on me?
I'm the sexiest, prettiest fish in the sea.
Heck no. I ain't nobody dish
Cause I'm in love with Angie  the beautiful angelfish 
[kissing sound]
Give me a kiss baby
I'm running from the white shark
You are trying to make me crazy.

[CHORUS]