
Anamanam call it Dan Ja Gua
Wicked, bad man, down with the Bone thugs n harmony
Bad man, gangsta for life we'd hurt people, we murder dem.

[Flesh Bone]
I had to drop the call dawg the niggas fuck the fed and drop the ball, ain't no thang do with them 
dead  put em with Flesh enforce the law, who ever want to test these feds come up on to try 
Bone got something to rip your guts open so they don't really grown.

[Layzie Bone]
It's a matter a nah, ya, don't be scared hold your breathe nigga it's St. Clair, when nothing is fair, 
playa, then run up on me that if you dare, the bullet will tear, a hole in your body you better 
beware, so walkin jack move, you never goin to knock me off my square.

[Wish Bone]
Better get em no problem you hostile suckers I get rid of I seen dispose of no concious I deliver 
the ridda, mad at all, hand on ya, fast closen, come though with nothing left, sista, attitude 
stole, no sleep, boss fuck it, let it go.

[Bizzy Bone]
I want to kill you, kill you, I'm standing here holding this knife for blood dripping on the 
floor board, what did you do did you do, you must of hurt one of my kids and said 
something stupid about the lord and a urn.

[Krayzie Bone]
Ya see when it come to a original lyrical I'm an Amerigo, I step in a cup a sublimina speed up 
the rhythm and leave it in critical, murder them minimum, all them they goin come get 
redum, one verse left em all mur you, mur you you, you, you. 

[Chorus] 
You tried to run up on me, on me, I'm goin have a put dat, put dat, murder on you, on 
you,  pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump
come up, come up, they goin see, goin see, and see niggas get vicious whicked what the Bone 
do, goin do, Bone do, do, do, do when we fire, fire, blood splatta, splatta, drug scatta, scatta, 
hear da  ratta, ratta, when we fire, fire, blood splatta, splatta, drug scatta, scatta, hear da ratta, ratta.

[Bizzy Bone]
You know you crazy when niggas wanted you dead, want you dead too, red die pop, pop, pop, 
pop, let me aggression, let me aggression but all I want is to blow your brains out, wake up, 
in the same house, japan, say I love you man, same house.

[Layzie Bone]
12 guage unda da tray, I'm leaving you dreams making you pay blood ever since I got of the 
bench  I playing the lench haters straight up, say what we make up ta brake up or wake up 
them Cleveland niggas are straight thugs and lookin for shit to shake up.

[Flesh Bone]
Come and shop all the way to the bank and apart from every stock if you need it believe we 
got it so what the fuck your prob, I tried to stay true calm and keep my shit collected unless 
we only goin to use a few bombs and start wipen away sections.

[Wish Bone]
Don't, don't don't, don't brought em get caught boy in the wrong corner, been a boss not big 
on talk, I'm sickly I'm out like Nirvana, hey, he dead, dead,  dead I'm sitting on more bullets 
one shot to the head, no remorse thug force don't need to beg I'm comin prepared.

[Krayzie Bone]
Strat, strat ride got dat gat right at your mind, we ready to put that murder on you, on 
you, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump
straight to they heart, murda, murda, all day the fall.

[Chorus] 
You, You, You, You tried to run up on me, on me, I'm goin have a put dat, put dat, murder on you, 
on  you,  pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump
come up, come up, they goin see, goin see, and see niggas get vicious whicked what the Bone 
do, goin do, Bone do, do, do, do when we fire, fire, blood splatta, splatta, drug scatta, scatta, 
hear da  ratta, ratta, fire, fire, blood splatta, splatta, drug scatta, scatta, hear da ratta, ratta.

You, You, You tried to run up on me, on me, I'm goin have a put dat, put dat, murder on you, on 
you,  pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump
come up, come up, they goin see, goin see, and see niggas get vicious whiked what the Bone 
do, goin do, Bone do, do, do, do  murder on me enemy say, murder on me enemy say, murder 
on me enemy say, blow, blow, blow murder on me enemy say, murder on me enemy say, murder 
on me enemy say, blow, blow, blow murder on me enemy say, murder on me enemy say, murder 
on me enemy say, blow, blow, blow.
