
[Layzie Bone Krayzie]
Yeah Yeah...Bone Thugs...
You know a nigga been all over the world man 
Australia, China, Africa...England you know it's the same shit everywhere I go, you know

[Bone Thugs N Harmony Krayzie Bone]
Why does everybodys story seem to sound the same? It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar
Struggle in the game It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar, they left the hood for change
It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar
Why does everybodys story seem to sound the same? It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar
The left some time in vain It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar
Gotta wise, the shit that lame It all seems so fimiliar, fimiliar

[Krayzie Bone]
I can remember that little nigga when he was just a young lad
Nobody thought he make it up outta the hood, before the gun blast gun blast
'Cause Johnny wanted to be a thug
runnin' from cops out on the block, the boy was hot and didn't give a fuck scandolous
Runnin' up in the black mask, niggas if you got cash, drop it off in that bag and make craps fast
Destroyin' the system, make some money to survive the streets
but you deep inside this ain't how you tryna be
But it's all to think when you're strugglin' and can't sleep
'cause ya hungry and can't eat, 'cause livin just aint free..but shet
Pappa been laid off...mamma been laid off
Everywhere I here the same old song...

[Chorus]

[Layzie Bone]
To probably take a loss, I'm tryna fight these demons
By any means, by any cost I'm out here reppin' Cleveland
They got be bobbin, weavin'
nigga give me the reason
To let 'em flies...do or die, niggas no longer breathin'
Known as a ?, before Layzie Bone it was Steven
And I'm just tryna break even, leavin' you leakers steadley creepin'
Shit get deep when daddy gone daddy gone
and momma can't do it on her on her on
Lights off, gas gone
mumma, daddy comin' home?
I guess not, sell rocks, rappin' with my niggas Bone
wassup Wish! yeah...we all we got! and that's Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone
wassup Kray! yeah, we all we got...nigga!
and that's Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone..

[Chorus]

[Wish Bone]
So you ever been to the Chi? me too, you ever been shot? me too
Sold rocks, all nighters on blocks
catch cases...shit me too
That's the story no one ridin', nobody can tell it for me
Mumma workin' double shift...daddy who? daddy who?
And when he do it's always later, never came
he done broke that boys heart, man again, damn again
Don't wonder why it's like that in the ghetto
Grew up, outta luck
Don't give a fuck about life so we let 'em go
I know my heart is cold, you know how them ghetto children grow
Give me money and I can keep my temper low
Everbody knows love, clubs, cars and hoes
priorities fucked up, but we already know!

[Chorus]
