
[Chorus - Michael Jackson and Krayzie Bone]
Aaaahhh! pray, pray, and we pray, pray, pray
Ooohhh! and we pray, pray, pray whoooo! 
What have we done to the world? to the world, world, world
Look what weve done! lord, what have we done, done, done?

[Krayzie Bone]
Everybodys gone crazy, amamzed that it aint the same.
Their faith has swayed! Everything done got a little bit stranger
Major complications plague the days.
Everybody caught up in the fame and bright lights.
While so many gonna swing in the night life.
Stabbin ourselves with so many pains!
Lifes like really leavin me plain as I fight to try to make it out of satans 
System.
But really all they gotta do is shape the world.
Make the world realize we must escape this world!
Hopin I can get up outta here with my integrity and come up on a better
Me and try to do it big,
Do it big and through it to the heavenly 
Wont be no hell for me, just paradise dise, dise ahh!, ahh!
So what you gonna do, what you gonna do?do, do, heee heee!
When the new world order come for you. for you, for you, ahh!, ahh!
All you can do, what you can do is recognize the truth!
Realize these signs could pertain to you too! too, too

[Repeat chorus]

[Bizzy Bone]
Its just for comfortability!
Its killin me floatin rock already we damage the ozone.
Aint nothin been hot as the sun since steady b flex his authority!
And what may be important to me, electricitys older than trees.
And thats why the lighting be crackin the sky.
Precious the metal was meltin, but what about me? 
When it comes to the mind, core, and the animals stick with us.
B go with fire, entangle the body, the brain, and security, visual forces are
Not with us, why?
And the timing is dire! ahh oohh
Oh, Im rich I feel so elated its time to go. I love you baby.
Before and after Ill remain to the day with a theory, from here to lake
Erie.
You know that the devils a liar!
The choir, I sit on my phone, all alone with my baby just singin my melody.
Raisin a son. I never get tired, Im too rugged for Ahh, Ooohh
I couldnt retire! Another dimension. Releasin my tension.
Theyre payin attention, theyre walkin so blind. Oracles, snakes

[Repeat chorus]

[Flesh-n-Bone]
Signs keep showin, goin on.
Cant believe how my mind has blown.
I witness mostly wickedness.
How much more mischief can go wrong?
Steady holdin on down to slow it down, tryin to make it to a better place.
With the enemies up, they stay wide awake and everybody else caught up
In the rat race.
Watch how they done trap you. Dont let em catch you.
Wipe away your whole existence.
Its not easy to resist temptation or escape all the resentment. So much
Tension, 
Seem like Im havin a nightmare thats reoccurin. The vision is blurry, the
Curtain is closin in a hurry, thats something worthy of worry.
Dig deep and researchers, their story is full of dissention and 
Transgression!
Now we gotta find a way to reserve this recession.
What have we done? Lord what have we done done? 
Look what weve done! Look what weve become!
Lord what have we become? come

[Repeat chorus]

[Wish Bone]
Richest country in the whole wide world.
Then why do got hungry little boys, little girls? Ahhh Ooohh spent.
In one man lies their dreams. Come clean, just come clean.
Mothers, fathers, sons, and daughter, it all adds up to their selfish greed!
Theyre greedy, greedy, greedy, greedy, they greedy!
How about one laugh for every lie, twice for the unnecessary lives. But 
Since they cowards give em that firing squad, get em outta here quickly,
Quickly! Violence must be met with violence, be we be the ones settin off
The riot. Oh no, no, look what we done, done! Im a voice of power! power
I must protect my ghetto son! baby!
Without him theres no blacks tomorrow.
We all Ahh,Oohh, so stop the violence and watch how you change the world the
Whole wide world.
I know its clear, wont get outta there.
If you really want change, take a look at the man in the mirror mirror, in 
Your mirror.

[Repeat chorus]

[Layzie Bone]
Aint got no apology for the economy.
Logically thinkin everybody gotta eat.
Blame the economists, all of their promises.
Not bein honest, why would they lie to me?
Ima be clea, what I see is fear!
They set up the satellites, labeled us televised!
Population in check, people petrified!
Cnn on deck til they testify.
Invadin these countries for natural resources.
They wipe up the forests to get the oil in the industry, although they
Claim to be loyal,
Through all of the turmoil, their families get spoiled.
And I mean! Heee Heee! Can we just go green to kill the population?
We need a solution, the future dependin on it!
You know what I mean? If you dont put the endin on it,
Armageddon gonna come real soon maybe then you want it.
Landlords put their tenants on it! U.s. 
Congress put the senate on it any moment!
I want an atonement without secret service bein nervous political warfare.
Ghetto came out of nowhere.
Let the last be first, it hurt, dont go there!

[Repeat chorus]

[Krayzie Bone]
ahh, ahh! so what you gonna do,
What you gonna do? do, heee heee!
When the new world order come for you. for you, for you, ahh, ahh!
So what you gonna do, what you gonna do?
Lord what have we done? done, done, done
