[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
Yeah Baby

[Verse One: Black Thought]
Bad Misses, Throwin raspberry kisses on me
You looking for directions? 
Girl I feel your vision on me
Just dont let him see you sweat
and we aint spose to be involved
Knowing when we get it off, Girl I mean it off
Keeping you fiending 'til you taking it tossed
And when I'm breaking it off
Its no denying the fact it's wrong
'Cause you got a man who's probably playing his part
You probably breaking his heart
He trying to figure the reason, Uh
Is it because he's superficial 
Or is he too submissive
Or did I come along and hit you with the futuristic
Or is it 'cause you really couldnt see a future with him
All he about is paper, never took the time with you to listen
You want it gripped up, flipped, and thrown
And get stripped and shown, the way the getting is on
The cost, dealing with this you only taking a loss
You need to leave him alone
And go with the one who breaking you off

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Off...
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
Yeah Baby

[Verse Two: Black Thought]
Rolling down the highway
Listening to Sade sing
"The way the smooth operator move my way"
You sitting beside me
Looking like Friday Foster
Pam Grier structure look at your body
Keep eachother thristy
Kisses like hershey
But lips is sealed
'Cause we dont need the controversy
I say I'm in town, You say you want it in the worst way
You probably told your man it was your it was ya lil's birthday
Meanwhile, Its champagne chilling in ice
You ready for the freakiest stage you done in ya life?
We breakin down like we grove dogs pulling a hike
You making sounds like a vive ;got you reaching your height
Prepare for flight, this is your captain
I'm getting strapped in
Theres no denying the strength 
That its attraction girl
Workin with this you won't be taking a loss
So stop fooling your man and roll with the one 
Who's breaking you off

[beat started]

[Bridge: Musiq]
Baby, Baby, Baby... don't you want me 'round
Nothing 'cause I'm coming too, and do you know..
Whenever you want, that thing you need, I got it
I'm there and I aim to please
I'm coming over to give it to you..
Baby.. baby..

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
I'm gone break you off beat started.....start-started..
Yeah Baby