Yeah, tonight's your night, baby.
Whatever you want, whatever you need, it's on me.
Oh, how do you like your love served?  Tell me what you think you deserve.
How do you like it?  
How do you like it, how do you like it, baby?
How do you like your love served?  Girl, just give me the word.
How do you like it?
Here I am for your pleasure.  I just wanna make you happy, girl.
Baby, no no no pressure.
Satisfaction guaranteed, if you want full service, baby, pull up on me.
I wanna caress you, and maybe undress you, oh yeah.
And maybe undress ya, oh yeah
I'll do all of that and more, give you the love that you've been waiting for.
I wanna fulfill you, oh, I swear that I'll thrill you, oh yeah.
Give you all the love you need.  May I take your order, please?
How do you like your love served?  Tell me what you think you deserve.
How do you like it?  I wanna know how you like your love served.
How do you like your love served?  Girl, just give me the word.
How do you like it?  I wanna know.  Come on, say the word!
Oh, just tell me what you want, baby.  I know I got the things you need.
I'm here to serve you.  Girl, you can cout on me.
Oh, appetizers start at nine, main course starts at ten.
When all of that is finished, girl, the dessert begins.
And that's when I caress you, mayble undress you.
Give you all of that and more.  Give you the love that you've been waiting for.
I wanna fulfill you,  fulfill you,  fulfill you.
Oh, I swear that I'll thrill you, yeah.
Give you all the love you need.  May I take your order, please?
How do you like your love served?  Tell me what you think you deserve.
How do you like it?  Oh, yeah, I wanna know what ya like, what ya want, what ya need!
How do you like your love served?  Girl, just give me the word.
How do you like it?  Tell me everything that ya want.
Tell me everything that you need.
I'll serve it on a silver platter.  Any way you want it don't matter.
I'll give it to you like you like it.  Girl, I wanna do it all night.
Give it to you like you need, baby, you don't have to beg or plead.
I wanna be there for ya.  Girl, you know I adore ya.
Tell me how you like, tell me how you like it, baby.
Tell me how you like, tell me how you like it, baby.
{Fade--}