Okay party people in the house...
This is something you never witnessed before...
Yes, it's the incredible Doug E. Fresh...
With his partner, the grand wizard MC, Ricky D
D, and that's me in the place to be.
We goin' to do it for '85, kick it live, allright?
Cuz you know, you're all sick of all these crap rappers
biting their rhymes because of they're back steppers.
But when it comes to me and my man Doug Fresh here,
there is no competition 'cause we are the best, yeah.
But as impress, which we approve
and yeah, we realize that we are on the move,
so listen closely so y'all don't miss
as we go a little something like this, HIT IT!

La-di-da-di...
La-di-da-di...
La-di, da-di!
Yo peep this

La-di-da-di, we like to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're, just some men that's on the mic
And when we rock upon the mic we rock the mic RIGHT
For all of y'all, keep y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
Cause it's cool when you cause a cozy conditioning
Which we create, cause that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this type of shit happens everyday
I woke up around ten o'clock in the morning
I gave myself a stretch up, a morning yawn and
Went to the bathroom to wash up 
Put some soap on my face and my hand upon a cup, said
Mirror mirror on the wall
Who is the top choice of them all
there was a rumble tumble, five minutes it lasted
the mirror said, ";You are you conceited bastard!";
Well that true, that why we never had no beef 
THen I washed off the soap and brushed the gold teeth
Used oil of olay cause my skin gets pail 
and then I grabbed the file for my finger nails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put the bubbles in the tub so I could take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my, body and hair
I threw on my brand new Gucci underwear
For all the girls I might take home
I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and the Polo Cologne
Fresh dress, like a million bucks,
put on the Bally shoes and the fly green socks.
Stepped out the house stopped short, oh no
Went back in I forgot my Kangol
Then I dilly, DALLY, I ran through the ALLEY
I bumped into this homegirl named SALLY from the VALLEY
This was a girl playing hard to get
So I said ";What's wrong?"; cause she looked upset
She said uh, ";It's all because of you
I'm feeling sad and blue
You went away
and now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so 
How much you'll never know
Cause you took your love away from me";
Now what was I to do
She was crying over me and she was feeling blue
I said, ";Don't cry, dry, your eyes
Here comes your mother with those two little guys";
Her mean mother steps and says to me ";Hi!";
Hit Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Kicked her in the belly, and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Something was wrong I said what was going on?
I tried to break it up I said, stop it, leave her
She said, ";If I can't have you she can't either";
She grabbed me closely by my socks
So I broke the hell out like I had the chicken pox
But uh, she gave chase, she caught up quick
She put a finger in the face of MC Rick, and said
";Why don't you give me some play?
And we can go cruising in my old jag
And if you give me that OK
I'll give you all my love today
Ricky Ricky Ricky, can't you see
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
So MC Rick my love is here to stay";
And on and on and on she kept on
The bitch been around before my mother's born
I said, ";Cheer up!"; I gave her a kiss
I said, ";You can't have me I'm too young for you miss";
She said, ";No you're not,"; then she starts crying
I says, ";I'm nineteen";, she says, ";Stop lying!";
I said, ";I am -- go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover!";
To the heart tick tock you don't stop
To the heart tick tock you don't quit, hit it!

...don't ever forget, Doug E. Fresh, and MC Ricky D...