I need to recruit all the soldiers 
All of God's soldiers 
We at war... 
We at war with terrorism, racism, 
But most of all...we at war with ourselves 

Jesus walk 
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down 
Jesus walk with me, with me, with me, with me, with me 

You know what the mid-west is? 
Young and Restless 
Where restless ni**as might snatch your necklace 
And next these ni**as might jack your Lexus 
Somebody tell these ni**as who Kanye West is. 

I walk throught the valley where the shadow of death is. 
Top floor of the view alone will leave you breathless 
Try to catch it ... it's kind of hard 
Getting choked by detectives yeah yeah now check the method. 
They be asking us questions, harass and arrest us 
Saying We eat pieces of sh*t like you for breakfast 
Huh? Yall eat pieces of sh*t what's the basis? 
We ain't going no where but got suits and cases. 
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis. 
My momma used to say only Jesus can save us. 
Well momma I know I act a fool 
But I'll be gone til November. I got packs to move I hope. 

Chorus 2x 
Jesus walk 
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down 
Jesus walk with me 
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now. 
Jesus walk 
And I don't think there's nothing I can do to right my wrong 
Jesus walk with me 
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long 
I want Jesus 

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers... 
Jesus walks with them! 
To the victims of welfare feel we living in hell here, hell yea... 
Jesus walks with them! 
Now hear ye hear ye wanna see thee more clearly 
I know He hear me when my feet get weary 
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct 
We rappers is role models we rap we don't think 
I ain't here to argue about his facial features 
Or here to convert atheist into believers 
I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers 
The way Kathy Lee needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus 
So here go my single dawg radio needs this 
They said you can rap anything except for Jesus 
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape 
But if I talk bout God my record won't get played 
Huh? 
Well if this take away from my spins 
Which will probably take away from my ends 
Then I hope it take away from my sins 
And bring the day that I'm dreamin 'bout 
Next time I'm in the club everybody screaming out... 

Chorus