Adam, created by Our Lord, who afterward defied His word turning against Him as a rebel by taking a bite of the apple, if we can trust what scriptures say . . . 5 God formed man from a lump of clay, and then He took one of the ribs He'd placed in his side, and with this, nor more nor less, with his own two hands He created woman, too. 10 To suffer blows is woman fated because from bone she was created Get your wife used to thrashings, say two or three or four times a day on the first of the week, or ten 15 or twelve times every fortnight; then whether she's fasting or is not, she'll grow in value quite a lot. The woman had a lovely neck and face, but God forgot to make 20 a cunt, so little care He took. The Devil came and had a look, leaned down a bit on an incline and at the third bump on her spine saw there was only just one hole. 25 He went to speak to God and told Him, "Sire, You made an awful gaffe: The woman's incomplete by half! So get to work! Make haste, go back to 'er and install in her hinder sector 30 the thing that is most necessary, because a woman isn't very valuable when there's no burrow placed close by her posterior furrow." "Eh, what?" said God. "I can't see to it. 35 You'll have to go yourself and do it." The Devil answered, "I? And how?" "I'm telling you to do it now, and I mean what I say. Eschew putting in something made by you 40 and remove nothing that I've made." "I'll do just that," the Devil said. The Devil gathered hammers, adzes, chisels, mattocks, sharpened axes, cutting tools with double blades, 45 pruning hooks and trenchant spades, and gave the tools a close inspection in order to make his selection to do the job he undertook, saying that no one will rebuke 50 him if he makes a spacious trough. (An ample suit from other's cloth.) He looked at every implement one by one, not much time he spent, and when he'd taken time to view 55 them all, he was convinced he knew that with the sharp edge of the spade a great, deep crevice could be made in scarcely any time at all. He said that there's no better tool on earth, and takes the spade and pushes it all in till the handle touches. Thus with a spade he made the cunt. He squatted down a bit in front of her and farted on her tongue. 65 That's why all women, old and young, must chatter on and talk such drivel. Faced with the fart laid by the Devil, she tried to push it from her mouth, but still today their bodies house 70 the fart the Devil left inside when he crouched by the woman's side. It's something we have to accept: She won't give up talking except to be nice or to wheedle gifts. 75 I pray that God never forgives whoever seeks to vilify them or their cunts, no matter why, for there's fine workmanship in them, but they've destroyed many good men, 80 who've come to grief and been disgraced and lost what wealth they once possessed.