10.BROTHER DENISE by Rutebeuf The monk is not made by his habit. Whatever cloister he inhabit, however poor the clothes he wore, I wouldn't give even a straw for his habit or for his dress 5 if he led a life any less pure than his vestments ought to show, but many people make a show and great pretense of virtue rare who resemble those trees that bear 10 no fruit but that were fair of flower. A wretched, shameful death devour all people who behave this way! Hear what the proverb has to say: Not everything that shines is gold. 15 For this reason, ere I grow old and die, I'd pen a fabliau about the fairest creature. Though you searched from England far as Paris, you wouldn't find a maiden fair as 20 she. I'll tell what came to pass. No less than twenty men had asked, wellborn and noble, for her hand, but she neither wished for nor planned a life of conjugality, 25 for she'd pledged her virginity to God and the Virgin as well. She was a noble demoiselle: Her sire had been a knight, her mother still lived, she'd no sister or brother. 30 Mother and child, it seems to me, treasured each other tenderly. Franciscans would quite often come by and find shelter in their home. Some twist of destiny once led 35 a friar there who turned her head. I'll tell how he beguiled the virgin. She begged him to get, with much urging, her mother's blessing for her daughter's desire to enter holy orders. 40 "Most sweet and precious child," he answers, "if you sought to follow Saint Francis and live his life the way we do, it only stands to reason you could not fail to become a saint." 45 The girl, taken in by his feint, convinced, won over, and ensnared already, as soon as she heard the counsel of the Friar Minor, replied, "As God may give me honor, if I could be one of your order, I cannot think what would afford a profounder joy to me on earth. The Lord blessed the hour of my birth if I could be a novice there." 55 No sooner did the friar hear the answer that the maiden gave, he said to her, "So may God save and grant me His love, if I knew, most noble damsel, it was true 60 that it was your desire to serve our order and you could preserve without guile your virginity, then, know it for a certainty, I'd place you in our order now." 65 The maiden gives her solemn vow that she will guard her maidenhead and stay a virgin till she's dead, and forthwith the friar received her. His cunning subterfuge deceived her 70 from whom his artfulness was hidden. Upon her soul she was forbidden by him to tell what they'd agreed, and likewise he explained she'd need in secret to cut her blond hair, 75 careful that no one be aware of it, and, tonsured, find a suit of clothes tailored and cut to suit a young man, and, disguised that way, to come to him without delay 80 in a place where he's overseer. That second Herod of Judaea arranged when they would meet, then left. Many a tear the maiden wept to see him go. Though in his preaching 85 he should have glossed the text he's teaching with moral precepts and prescription, he's filled her head with contradiction. Death cast him in the fiery pit! The girl accepts as Holy Writ 90 the sermon that he would impart. To God has she given her heart; the one he's offered his up to will give him the reward he's due! How very different is his thinking 95 from the high thoughts that she is thinking! Their two minds are contrary, for it's her intention to withdraw and hide from the world's pridefulness, while he, hemmed in by wickedness 100 and burning with the fires of lust, has set his mind and efforts just on making her accompany him to bathe in a bath where he will burn up, saving God's protection, 105 for she'll never raise an objection nor contradict in any way whatever he may wish to say. While he is thus preoccupied, the confrere walking at his side, 110 seeing that he says not a word, asks this question of him, disturbed: "What are you thinking, Brother Simon?" He says, "I'm thinking of a sermon, more excellent than any other 115 I've made." He answers, "Think on, Brother." Brother Simon cannot dispel or purge these thoughts, his heart will dwell on the girl who remains behind, and she has nothing on her mind 120 except the hour when she will gird a friar's belt, his every word engraved in her heart and her soul. When three days had gone by, she stole away from the mother who bore 125 her, leaving her heart grieved and sore, anguished and sorrowful becauseshe knew not where her daughter was. She suffers great distress and fright for days on end without respite, 130 missing her daughter, bathed in tears, but the girl neither thinks nor cares about all that, only of flight. She's cut her lovely hair short, quite like a boy's, and tonsured her crown, 135 put a good pair of leggings on and likewise a tunic and robe, an', like a man's, the front stayed open, with stitching in back and in front, and, dressed in this manner, she went 140 to the location he'd advised. The friar, whom the Antichrist holds fast to and bends to his will, glad she has come, announces she'll be one of their community. 145 Duping his confreres skillfully, he dresses her in their apparel and has her come into the chapel and clerical estate confers on her. Seemly her conduct was 150 in cloister and before the altar: She knew from end to end her Psalter; her voice, melodious and fair, joined in the brothers' songs at prayer, for she'd learned to sing beautifully. 155 She behaved with great probity. Everything Miss Denise has wanted to have has now been fully granted. They didn't give her a new name: "Brother Denise" the girl became. 160 What more is there to tell you? Friar Simon, indeed, did so well by her, she was converted to his pleasure and learned an unfamiliar leisure activity, and none perceived it. His demeanor quite deceived all their confreres. Brother Denise was gracious and eager to please. Brother Denise was held most dear by all the brothers living there, 170 but no one surpassed Simon's fondness, who never wearied of the harness: Between the wagon shafts he'd pull, and no office pleased him as well. He was an excellent draft horse 175 and led a life debauched and coarse and strayed from the apostles' way and tutored her on how to say (which she learned gladly) his Lord's Prayer. He took her with him everywhere 180 nor wished for other company, until it happened he and she were put up at a knight's abode, who had his cellar stocked with good wines, which he was most happy sharing 185 with them. His lady took to staring at the figure Brother Denise cuts, mulling over what she sees. The lady readily detects Brother Denise's rightful sex. 190 She'll find out if it's truth or fable. When they had risen from the table, the lady with well-mannered ease took by the hand Brother Denise and said, giving a gracious smile 195 to her lord, "Go outside awhile, my lord, and take your pleasure thus, and let's pair off, the four of us. Let Brother Simon go with you. Brother Denise I've chosen to 200 hear the confession I would make." These Friars Minor do not take it as a laughing matter: They'd sooner be in Pontoise; it weighed heavy on them, what she proposed, 205 nor did it please them, for it caused them fear of possible exposure. Brother Simon moves himself closer to her and tells her urgently, "Lady, confess your sins to me, 210 for this man has no competence in aught concerning penitence." The lady answers him, "Good Brother, I'll make confession to no other; this man alone shall know my sin." 215 She leads her to her chamber then, closes the door and turns the keys, and, locked in with Brother Denise, "My dear young friend," the lady said, "whatever put it in your head 220 to serve the Church in such a fashion? May the Lord pardon my transgression, when your soul takes leave of this earth, in no way will it be the worse for you if you now tell me truly. 225 I swear to you upon the Holy Spirit that you can trust in me." The girl, shaken, confusedly attempts to offer explanation, but no: The lady's refutation 230 and arguments make such good sense, they sweep away the girl's defense. She cries for mercy on her knees, and with hands clasped she begs and pleads that she not bring her to disgrace. 235 From beginning to end she says how he lured her away from home and mother, and she then made known her name and laid bare the entire story. The lady called the friar 240 and, in her husband's presence, loosed the most injurious reproof that has been heaped on any man. "You hypocrite! You charlatan! What a false, filthy life you lead! 245 Oh, it would be a blessèd deed to use the cord that binds your habit to hang you from the nearest gibbet! People like you take for a ride the whole world, virtuous outside, 250 but inside rotten through and through. The nurse who gave suckle to you did very wickedly to nurture a man who such a lovely creature would lead astray so shamefully. 255 Saint Dennis! this community is neither noble, fair, nor good! You tell us that young people should not be allowed dancing and balls, citterns and tabors and violes 260 and all delights of minstrelsy. You've brought on yourself infamy. You tell me, Mr. Tonsured Head, is this the life Saint Francis led? You're a deceitful liar, clearly, 265 but here's someone who'll make you dearly pay and make sure you get your due." To lock the friar up, she threw a large storage box open wide. Brother Simon fell at her side 270 facedown with both his arms stretched out. The knight takes pity on the lout— his noble heart's compassionate— to see him form the Cross, prostrate. With his right hand he lifts the friar 275 and says, "Brother, do you desire to save your hide in these dire straits? Procure four hundred pounds posthaste so the young lady can be wed." The friar, hearing what he's said, felt more joy than he'd ever known, and to the knight he gave his sworn word that he would pay it in full. (No need to post collateral. Where he'll get it there's plenty more!) 285 He takes leave and walks out the door. Possessed of noble qualities, the lady kept young Miss Denise with her, took care not to alarm her, but adjured her with much charm 290 that she should reassure herself that besides them nobody else would ever know or have a basis to guess she'd known a man's embraces, but she'd be married nobly and 295 could choose whomever in the land she most desired, provided he, like her, had a high pedigree. The lady's treatment of Denise set her unquiet mind at peace. 300 Nothing she told her was dishonest! She brought one of her very finest dresses and placed it on her bed and, best as she could, comforted her like someone free from deceit 305 and gently said to her, "My sweet child, these are the clothes you will wear tomorrow." She herself took care before bedtime to try them on, nor would she allow anyone 310 to touch her, for she wished to do it modestly and nobly, too, for she's a well-bred noblewoman. She sent her courier to summon her mother in strict confidence, 315 whose heart overflowed with intense joy as soon as she laid eyes on her, for she'd thought she'd lost her for sure, but the lady convinced her to believe and take it to be true 320 that she'd been living with the order of the Filles-Dieu, one of whom brought her there that night, and, to her dismay, the lady'd taken her away. But why should I go on and on 325 and tell all that was said and done again and pointlessly again? For a time Denise stayed with them until all her dowry was paid. It wasn't much longer till they'd 330 had her with her consent betrothed and married to a knight who'd loved and been her suitor in the past. She was Madame Denise at last, with more honor accorded her 335 than when she'd been a Cordelier.