8
THE PRIEST WHO HAD A MOTHER FOISTED ON HIM This fabliau, I tell you true, tells us a tale of a priest who had an old beldame for a mother, a bitter woman and a bother, dark, ugly, hunchbacked, and averse 5 to all the good things on this earth
All looked upon her with abhorrence
The priest found her beyond endurance
Since all she did was carp and grouse, he wouldn't let her in his house, 10 she was so loathsome and so dour
Now, this priest had a paramour whom he kept clothed in fine apparel: two fine fur wraps, the first of squirrel, the other sheepskin, a good cape, 15 a good overcoat, and to drape her body in, rich silver fabric
The parish thinks it's a hot topic, but the old woman carries on about her more than anyone, 20 and she says to the priest himself that he does not love her a twelfth as much as his wench, that is clear
Why, he'll give her nothing to wear, neither a mantle nor a coat! 25 "Shut up," he says, "you silly goat! What right have you to aggravate me when you have bread on your plate and I give you my peas and pottage? With bad grace, yes, for in your dotage 30 you speak to me with such ill will
" The old woman tells him, "Big deal! From this day forward, I require that you treat me as I desire: as your mother, with deference
" 35 By Saint Peter, the priest says, hence- forth she'll not get another bite from him
Who cares what harm she might do to him? No, he'll not permit it! "Oh yes, I will, and you'll regret it," 40 she says, "for I'll go straightaway to see the bishop, and I'll lay bare your behavior and your life, the way you treat your so-called wife, who gets plenty of food and clothing 45 while I have to live on your loathing
Although you're wealthy, I am poor
" The old woman storms out the door hysterical and overwrought and goes straight to the bishop's court, 50 falls at his feet, and states her case: Her son's behavior's a disgrace, she gets no more love or respect than a stray mongrel might expect; his girlfriend's everything to him, 55 he loves her more than kith or kin; that one gets dresses by the score
Once the old woman's set before the bishop her long accusation, he says upon consideration 60 he'll have her son appear before him and till then he'll say no more; he must come when he's summoned, though
The old woman left, bowing low, having been promised satisfaction, 65 and the bishop went and took action, subpoenaed her son to appear, intending to make him pay dear if he won't do right by his parent
He's in for trouble, that's apparent
70 The day came which the bishop set to hear the cases to be pled
Two hundred folk assemble then, both commoners and clergymen
The old woman has not stayed home; 75 before the bishop she has come, reminding him of her appeal
The bishop says to wait; he'd deal with him when he came: he intended to have his benefice suspended 80 and priestly privilege cut off
The foolish woman's simple thoughts fancied he meant hanging and tortures in punishment for his debauches
Ah, woe is me! Why did I press 85 these charges? she thought in distress
By devils was my birth accursed, when the dear child I bore and nursed is to be hanged on my account! She flushed, her heart began to pound, 90 and she was mortally afraid
The poor wretch got it in her head to fool the bishop by a con and call a different priest her son
Another priest arrives at court 95 just then, a round, potbellied sort of cleric with a double chin, and the old woman raised a din and told the bishop on the spot, "Your Holiness, so help me God, my son is that fat priest you see!" He summoned him immediately and said to him, "Renegade priest, tell me why you've been such a beast to your old mother, who stands there? 105 As I trust my soul to God's care, I'm ready to have you suspended! This righteous woman, who depended on your care, you have left to fend for herself, while your lady friend 110 has costly clothes in which to strut
To what a worthy use you put the stipend that I have endowed you with!" The baffled priest is cowed, hearing the bishop's words, and says, 115 "So help me God, Your Holiness, my mother's been dead for some time, and I do not believe that I'm acquainted with this one at all
If she were, I'd not have the gall, 120 believe me, to lie to your face
" "By Saint Peter," the bishop says, "when was there ever such a hateful, deceitful priest, and so ungrateful? Your own mother, and you deny her! 125 You'll be suspended! Do right by her, or you'll be excommunicated!" The priest was so intimidated to hear him threatening suspension, his face flushed a dark purple gentian
130 He begged the bishop to relent and gave assurance that he meant to do as he was told
"Agreed," the bishop says
"Now take your steed and put your mother on its back, 135 and make sure I hear no more flak, not one complaint or accusation, but give her the consideration a mother's owed, and openly
" The priest sets out immediately, 140 as soon as he's been given leave— in fact, he cannot wait to leave
He bears the old woman in front across the withers of his mount
Against his will, some way or other 145 he must support her as his mother
No more than a league had they gone when they met the old woman's son as they were riding through a cwm
He turned aside and went up to 'im 150 and questioned him on what was doing, and he replied that he was going to court at the bishop's subpoena
He spied his mother
Once he'd seen her, she winked at him to ride on by 155 without inquiring how or why, and he continued on his way
The other priest had much to say: "When you come to the bishop's court, may God reward you with the sort 160 of gift I got this morning, brother! Our bishop's given me a mother, and, rightfully or wrongfully, I'm taking the hag home with me, where I must see to her support
" 165 The old woman's son nearly roared with laughter upon hearing this: "Good brother, why take it amiss? If it's your mother you maintain, you have no just cause to complain
" 170 "Whose? Mine? The devil!" the priest said
"You mean the devil's dam instead! This woman's no mother of mine!" The other said, "Now, that's a fine and wondrous marvel, by the Savior! 175 If someone would do you the favor of feeding this mother of yours and, till she died, from his own stores supplied her every earthly need (assuming the old girl agreed), 180 what would you pay him, brother dear?" The priest replies, "Now, by Saint Cyr, whom I serve most devotedly, I'd not be cheap or niggardly! Whoever takes her off my hands 185 (unless the old girl countermands it) gets sixty pounds for his trouble
" "Let's have the money on the double," he says
"For that I'll set you free!" "Don't go back on our deal," says he, 190 "and the old girl must give permission
" "I'll go along with your decision," she tells them, "as God is my witness
" The two priests finalize the business and arrange an installment plan
195 Now the old woman's real son can spend lavishly and needn't fret, because the one who's in his debt will pay off everything he owes
I've told you enough fabliaux
200
