6. THE PRIEST AND ALISON by Guillaume le Normand With all the minstrels found today, by Saint Eustace, I cannot say exactly what kind I may be. William, who labors tirelessly at putting stories into rhyme, 5 has made one which is really fine about a merchant woman's daughter who lives by the Oise, near the water. Madame Mahauld, as she was called, from her window for long had sold 10 garlic and onions, also hats made out of well-woven reeds that did not come from swampy terrain. Marian was (her daughter's name) a virgin girl and beautiful. A 15 day there was when with Berula in her arms from the stream, and cress, she walked home in her linen dress, all wet to the top of her thighs. Upon my soul, I'll not tell lies: 20 She wasn't born to noble parents, no lady's daughter nor a baron's— a merchant woman was her mother, but fair and well-bred as no other who's ever come before my eyes. 25 The nature of her merchandise was beeswax and pepper and cumin. The chaplain of Saint-Cyr would come in- to their abode for ginger very often, and to buy zedoary, 30 cinnamon, licorice, and spice she kept in stock as merchandise, and also for an herb that came from Alexandria. His name was Alexander, a rich man 35 who kept his eye on Marian— he liked the way her tunic fit— so he'd go walking for a bit to take the gentle morning air and couldn't come soon enough where 40 the girl's house was located—he 'd no need of a guide, certainly! He'll teach her everything, you bet: Before she's said the alphabet, if he can, he'll have her converted. 45 Unless all his strength is exerted to this end, his soul won't see God!  It's summer and the weather's hot; he put a light cloth on his head. He'd been to the woman's homestead 50 quite a few other times before, who made her living from her store, where she sold neither wool nor flax. The chaplain wasn't at all lax in giving the woman his greeting, 55 and she rose to her feet on meeting him and said, "Hearty welcome, sir. Do stay on awhile with us here for dinner. We'll have joy and mirth. See the fat goose there on the hearth!" 60 she says (no evil she intends, while toward the girl the chaplain bends a lecherous face to regard her). The chaplain had been born in Ardres, between Calais and Saint-Omer. 65 Sitting on a plank for a chair and lost in thought (he's not a ninny), he swears that ten pounds of his money he'd give up sooner than not do with the girl what he wishes to, 70 face-to-face with her, who was fair and comely, still in her twelfth year, her whose behavior was so right, tenderly cared for, with her white throat, lovely, unaffected, sweet. 75 They had the table set to eat in the good woman's dwelling place. They didn't make a meal on dace at that time or have fish at all, but bittern, pheasant, waterfowl, 80 and all there were well satisfied, and the contented chaplain eyed the virgin child, let his glance rest upon her newly budding breast growing on her chest like an apple.  At last they take away the table and have eaten all they desire. Within the chaplain's heart a fire had been set blazing by his passion. In an ingratiating fashion 90 he turns to Mahauld, the girl's mother, and says, "Lady, hear how I suffer. I have been vexed for a long time, but now I mean to speak my mind. Surely, no more can I refrain, 95 but am compelled to tell you plain your daughter, Marian the lovely, has gone and wrenched the heart out of me, broken inside my breast. I've wealth in plenty. Tell me if that helps. . . 100 I'm hoping you'll take this aright. . . Had I your daughter for one night. . . Of shiny coins I have a stack." "What, sir?" the woman answers back. "Then do you think your money can 105 buy you my daughter, Marian, I've always tenderly cared for? By both the two saints of Gisors, I'd say that a sour apple's worth more than the contents of your purse. 110 Your treasure doesn't interest me, and that's a fact, undoubtedly. Put your hands somewhere else instead." "Dear, good woman," the chaplain said, "have pity on me, for God's sake. 115 I'll bring the money here. You take whatever you want of my riches." Madame Mahauld, who more than itches to get at the wealth in his coffers, for the priest's use and pleasure offers 120 to let him have her blond-haired daughter. A king or a count would have thought her a fit companion for his bed and lovemaking, let it be said, because her beauty was so great. 125 The priest sits back down by the grate together with Madame Mahauld, who had so often bought and sold garlic, pepper, and caraway. The chaplain's set out on his way, 130 having taken his leave, for home. Of all the men who've been tricked, none ever fared worse than this priest fared! A bath that she ordered prepared before you knew it was made ready, 135 and upon Saint Eustace's body and by God she begins to swear she'll catch the chaplain in her snare in the same way you'd catch a fish. Then she has someone go and fetch 140 a wanton woman, Alison, whose shapely body anyone who paid for her could take to bed. Now hear what Madame Mahauld said when she saw the loose girl come by, 145 quietly laughing on the sly as someone clever might have done: "Now by Saint Dennis, Alison, I've found a husband for you, dear. Between the river Thames and here 150 no woman will be better wed." "For that you had me come here?" said Alison. "How unkind of you to make fun of a poor girl who supports herself walking the streets!" 155 "I'm not, my dear, so may it please the Lord to grant me to be wise. You'll have no harm from me," replies Mahauld. "You've a white fur to gain, a good coat also—with a train!— 160 I know of, from Douai, and green! I've poured a fresh bath. Do get in.  I'll soon pass you off as a virgin." Alison needed no more urging; she sits down and her clothes she peels 165 off and down by the bathtub kneels, and with a joyful, carefree air takes off her shoes, unbinds her hair, and, like a fish, jumps in the water. So that's the merchant woman's daughter 170 the chaplain thinks he will possess! Back home, the priest saw to his dress with gusto, and to what he'd take with him: He asked for a fur cape worth forty shillings a Provins- 175 based merchant who was from Milan had sold to him, and a coat, too. (A word about the coat: It's new, bloodred, and made of fine dark cloth.) Many capons and pullets both 180 he had delivered to the house that night. He wishes to carouse just as soon as the night has come. Do you not find when it drags on that you cannot abide the day? 185 The chaplain could brook no delay, but went and opened up a chest in which, as William tells us next in French on parchment, was a leather purse where he's sewn up altogether 190 fifteen pounds sterling currency. Lord, how bamboozled he will be! For just a penny from Senlis he could well have taken his ease with her with whom he will cavort 195 when he arrives there in a short time all night long, or just about! He took a batch of small change out and stuffed it in his purse, he did, for tips to be distributed around as the case might demand. Madame Menhould has a command for Hercelot, the girl who helps around the house: "Here's something else for Alexander the priest. Go 205 at once and say I'd have him know he shouldn't wait. It's time to start out." Hercelot replies, her heart beating for the fun of this union, "Lady, I'll bring your message to him, 210 so help me God, just as you please." Then going down the stone steps, she's out of the house, for, by the Lord and Saint Peter, a good reward from this, she swears, will come to her. 215 "I wish a good day to you, sir, from her who sends greeting to you and is your friend and lover, too, the fair and shapely Marian." A sturdy silver belt the man 220 gave Hercelot as her reward: "Take this, my friend, but not a word about all this. There's more to come." Hercelot answers, "I'll keep mum. Better that I were torn apart 225 than subvert your love, for my part. Why, I arranged the whole affair!" The chaplain gave a laugh to hear Hercelot say it's all her work, and has her given by his clerk 230 two fresh and new pieces of linen. Happy with all the gifts she's winning, Hercelot takes her leave and goes. The chaplain then gets ready, who's expecting that that night will bring 235 much joy. His cock is stiffening, by God, more than a rutting steed! He swears to God in no time he'd assail the maiden who was fair and beautiful beyond compare, 240 magnificent from head to feet. The priest was totally in heat for the child of Madame Menhould. He used a long top shift to fold up the fur cape and coat he carried, 245 and then off to their house he hurried, fifteen pounds sterling tied up tight, of which he'll be relieved, all right, if Madame Menhould has her way. He enters and acts just as they 250 do who expect to have a grand old time. The woman takes his hand and sits by him close to the fire. As the occasion did require, she had a lavish banquet laid: 255 two capons, a fat goose she'd made, and there were also ducks and loons. They drank quantities of Soissons white wine and went on to devour crusty cakes baked of sifted flour 260 of which there were plenty for each. Then Madame Menhould makes a speech and asks him when their dinner's through, "Say if you've brought the gifts with you for my daughter, as you have promised?" 265 "I came here meaning to be honest; I brought all of the finery. I have it here. Look, and you'll see what stylish and well-made attire! You won't consider me a liar 270 when it comes time for me to leave. Indeed, by Saint Simon, believe me, I hate selling people short." He tossed down on a gaming board the fifteen pounds he's brought with him. 275 The money belt he'd put it in was large and costly.
"Hercelot, now it's time that all of us got to bed," Menhould says. "Light a fire there in the room where they'll retire. 280 Make up a bed fit for a king." Hercelot, who does everything she can to help the priest's affairs, had gone to the top of the stairs (seeing to all the details) and 285 she took Alison by the hand where, in a secret place, she stood. (The table full of drink and food was in front of him.) "Alison, get yourself ready quickly. Come, 290 you'll be sharing the prelate's bed. In the credo and alphabet he'll give you a fine education. No noise, now, and no protestation when he takes your virginity." 295 "It will be harrowing for me; to me this thing's completely new. Upon my word, I promise you I've never known a man. Be sure that I am like Rome, chaste and pure, 300 where no pilgrim has penetrated or night dogs bark, unviolated and virginal and innocent." With Alison, Hercelot went into a very lovely room 305 through a secret door in the home she knew like the palm of her hand, then returned to the chaplain and took Marian's hand speedily and led her, so the priest could see, 310 to the room. By God, he can't wait until it's bedtime and he'll sate himself with the joy he expects! To a loft Hercelot directs and slyly hurries Marian— henceforth tonight the chaplain can go get it on with Alison— and then Hercelot comes back down and close beside him takes a seat. She's given him barley for wheat; 320 in place of corn she's sold him straws. Hercelot tells him, "By Saint George, I've put the girl to bed behind bed curtains flapping in the wind, weeping and grieved beyond endurance. 325 I've given her what reassurance I could and urged her that she try her utmost to fulfill your desire, and you should likewise promise she will get dresses and jewelry 330 in plenty. I have served you well." "Whatever she asks for I will give her, Hercelot," the priest says, "of all that I own and possess." "That's spoken well," says Hercelot. 335 "I also told her she must not say a word when you lie with her. Now don't be too rough with her, sir; behave yourself and be polite. Your sweetheart's one of the elite, 340 who's lying in the curtained bower, whiter than any hawthorn flower, precious as any girl on earth." "Here, Hercelot, accept this purse," the chaplain tells her, "and its contents— 345 a pound, if not more, by Saint Lawrence— and buy a good cloak of lamb's fleece. I'm going now to take my ease with her I've so been yearning for." He's pushed open the chamber door; 350 without a light, without a taper, he has soon felt his hand brush the drapery, the curtains which were hung and spread where she lay stretched out on the bed, ready and waiting for the priest, 355 who doesn't linger or desist. He lifted the sheets and asked of her, "Say, Marian, are you my lover, you sweet girl, with no opposition?" Then without the slightest transition 360 he quickly threw his arms around her. Her sighs make the room resound, feigning great martyrdom, for she's much professional expertise. She curled up close to him and drew her- 365 self on top and the chaplain knew her. He fucks her even quicker than did it take him to get a prayer chanted, as long as it took me to tell. "Say, you sweet girl," the priest says, "well, 370 what do you think of what we've done? My heart and everything I own I mean to give you. Certainly, if you conceive a child by me, be sure it will be well looked after." 375 Alison kept her stifled laughter between her teeth with modesty. The priest believed that the one he held in his arms was Marian. (It wasn't—it was Alison. 380 The worm had turned before he knew.) The priest was glad and happy, too: Till it was day and night had gone nine times he screwed and pounded on the girl. Truly, I kid you not. 385 Now a word about Hercelot, who'd made her bed up in the chamber in which he'd exercised his member. (The priest insisted she sleep there.) Hercelot, who does not much care 390 to dawdle (she's sly and conniving), without her clothes on yet, arising, gets down to work kindling a flame: inside a mattress on a frame, made out of pea straw that they'd bundled 395 up, Hercelot her fire kindled, then cries: "Fire, fire! Raise the alarm!" The people living in the town, which was large, came running and tore apart and battered down the door 400 behind which glowed the conflagration and where the priest indulged his passion. The head butcher of the locality burst in without the least formality, knew who the priest was when he spied 405 him, and quickly dragged him aside there in the chamber close up to him: "May God have no part in you, neither in you nor in your mistress!" (The butcher knew about this business 410 because someone had made him wise to it.) The chaplain turned his eyes on her he had in hand, unclad: Why, it was Alison he'd had! He'd thought that it was Marian! 415 With the stick he was carrying the master butcher struck him in the ribs, and everyone 'round him goes pounding on him with their feet 'n' fists. He was cruelly bruised and beaten. 420 They ripped his cloak off. "God Our Sire," the priest exclaims, "out of the fire and back into the frying pan!" Then he jumps as fast as he can through a hatchway onto the road. 425 Seen ass backwards, a little goat he looked like, having no clothes on. The townspeople were looking on and saw him naked as a buck. He would not have scorned to be so lucky to have a shred of clothes on his bones! The blows of those heavy sticks left marks you could see on his back and ribs and flanks. They beat him black- and-blue and put him through the mill. 435 He took off for home running, still trembling like a leaf on a tree. This fable clearly lets you see, which William from Normandy wrote, and tells us the man who goes out 440 from home at night to rob or thieve or do anything else to grieve his neighbor isn't very wise, whereas, wherever he resides, an honest man deserves praise. Thus, 445 as the chaplain was lecherous, so he was beaten and lambasted and all the money he spent wasted on fucking Alison, whom any- one could have had for just a penny, 450 whenever, in her brothel, though. There's no more to this fabliau. 