9. THE CUNT BLESSED BY A BISHOP A bishop lived in days gone by who very readily would lie with women, married and unmarried. Of lovely ones he found his share; he'd give gifts to them generously, 5 and so they'd do whatever he asked, for all women long for wealth, and he who's nothing but himself to give will never win their favors. (That's one of women's learned behaviors.) 10 Close to the city of Bayeux, I think it was a league or two away, the bishop had somewhere to stay, a fine house he'd built there. I don't know the name of the town, 15 but when he wanted to have fun, the bishop often went to stay there, since it was a ways away. In that same town a priest lived, who was clever and was tricky, too. 20 A woman lived with him as wife, the greatest love he had in life, and worthy and well-bred was she. This irked the bishop mightily, who, as he very often said 25 to him, disapproved and forbade him to keep her under his roof. In fair words the priest said, in truth, he could not bear the separation. The bishop says, "No hesitation 30 will I allow. You must comply with our will, or otherwise I forbid you to drink wine again." The priest says, "I'd sooner abstain from drinking wine for my entire 35 life, I swear by Saint Martin, sire." The priest goes back to where he lives thereupon and openly grieves of this to his wife, who awaits him. "By God, Auberée," he states, 40 now I've been struck by a great mishap! I may not drink wine, for the bishop forbids me to, so he's decreed." "Sir, by God's holy saints, indeed, if he won't let you drink wine, he 45 must be a hardened enemy of yours, who drink it with such gusto. Since he commands it, though, you must, so you'll drink it no more, by my head, but have to gulp it down instead. Gulp it down henceforth as commanded now that your drinking days are ended, as I advise and tell you plain." The priest did not at all disdain to act upon her way of thinking. 55 He took up gulping, gave up drinking, and when he felt like it, he'd do it, and went on till the bishop knew it. Who turned him in, I've not the least idea, but he summoned the priest 60 and orders him that he must choose either never to dine on goose again or give the woman up. He says, "Sir, it's a bitter cup I have to drink. What you ordain 65 certainly goes against the grain, but it won't do you any good, though I leave in a sorry mood." The priest then left, no longer waited, went back to his wife and related 70 how he has lost the taste of goose: The bishop forbids him its use. "Lady," he says to her, "I swore that I would dine on goose no more." "Indeed," she says, "can this be true? 75 He has dealt wickedly with you, that cheap, black-hearted churl," she answers. "In faith, you'll just have to eat ganders galore, whomever it may hurt. We have here, as you know, more than thirty." 80 "In the name of God," says he, "I'm game!" So he did for a long time until someone again disclosed it to the bishop, who imposed a sanction against feather beds. 85 "In faith, what you've come up with," says the priest, "is lunatic and reckless. Am I a hermit or a recluse? But since it is your pleasure I am now forbidden thus to lie 90 me down, then that's what I must do." Thereupon he went back home to his wife, laid out what had occurred, and she says, "Have you ever heard such madness and insanity? 95 The bishop feels no amity nor cares much for you, I'll allow you, but it won't help him. There's more value in two cents minted in Anjou. I'll lay some cushions out for you 100 and make a soft and comfy bed." "As I trust Saint Paul, what you've said is right and proper," says the priest. "Since you've advised this, not the least will he perturb me anymore." 105 It wasn't all that long before the bishop made a trip and went off to the town, and there he spent an entire week, and only then did he return back home again. 110 There in the town a woman dwelt for whom the am'rous bishop felt great love. Without fail every night he went to lie down by her side, for she'd not go to him, whatever 115 pledges he'd make or gifts he'd give her, she was so very proud and vain and acted toward him with disdain. At length one night, it seems to me, they had agreed that she and he 120 would bed down and lie with each other, but the priest was quick to discover all the details of what they'd plotted, and, being sad and heavyhearted because the bishop had said to him 125 that he may not live with a woman (the memory is with him still), he affirms not anything will prevent him from going to speak with the woman. He went to seek 130 her out and straightaway he said, "Lady, may God come to my aid, your assistance would much avail me. Be careful that you do not fail me or I'll no longer be your friend." 135 "Sir," she says, "let me understand how I can be of help to you, and what I can I'll gladly do. What service do you want provided?" "Lady, I've no intent to hide it," 140 the priest says. "I mean no offense by this. The bishop, who intends to lie in bed tonight with you and have his pleasure of you, too, as I have heard it said he would.. . . 145 Do let me, if you'll be so good, in friendship and neighborliness, hide and conceal myself someplace close to your bed, behind the curtain. I'll make it worth your while, I'm certain, 150 if you will do that much for me." "In faith," she answers, "I agree. I'm very glad to do it, so without further delay now go get out of sight and remain hidden." 155 "Gladly, since that is what you've bidden." He hides himself, concealed behind the bed curtains, which make a blind for him, and stays till day has set, when the bishop did not forget 160 where it was he's supposed to go. He left with four servants in tow and went straight without hesitating to see the woman, who was waiting unobtrusively with her maid. I can't think what more needs be said, except the bedding was turned down with all the curtains tightly drawn and two glowing candles alight, filling the bedroom with their light. 170 The lady was the first to climb into the bed and, with no time wasted, the bishop got in with her, his penis starting to grow stiffer with her unclothed and him beside her. 175 He cannot wait to mount and ride her, but she will not allow him to do anything he wants to do. "Father," she tells him, "not so fast. If you want to do what you asked 180 of me, before you turn to messing with my body and cunt, a blessing you must pronounce and make as well the sign of the cross, for I tell you, it's never been consecrated. 185 Now raise your right hand high," she stated, "and give your blessing right away, exactly as another day you would proceed if it were done on the head of a peasant's son 190 if he were taking holy orders." The bishop takes in what she orders: that lay a hand on her he won't unless he first has blessed her cunt. He said, "Ma'am, by the faith I owe 195 you, what you want I will bestow. You ask for it, and I agree. The deed entails no loss for me." Over her cunt the bishop made the sign of the cross and then said, 200 "Benedico. Per omnia in seculorum secula." As for the priest in hiding, when he heard him, he chimed in, "Amen," and as soon as the bishop heard 205 him—you can be sure he was scared by the rejoinder the priest made!— he raised his voice a bit and said, "Who is it who made that reply?" "Your Grace," he said, "that wretch am I 210 whose wife you'd take away from him only because that is your whim; also the one whom you forbade to drink wine, and I have obeyed. Today I heard the information 215 that you'd perform an ordination. I'd like to witness that, I thought." The bishop heartily guffawed and said, "You laid a trap for me and caught me by your trickery. 220 I henceforth give you my permission to drink wine and eat peppered chicken and dine on goose as much as you would like, and keep your woman, too. Just you keep well out of my sight." 225 Off goes the priest in great delight.