[Mad Child]
Yo' We gonna rock the whole crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole
room, kick the walls in, night to morning then we do it again, it's adrenaline.

[Prevail]
What we spit, beautiful and grotesque. Swim with us in the abyss to the deep depths. Take a
deep breath, strike your lungs like a deadly pathogen let the assassins in. Loss of oxygen,
leads to hospitals, loss of optical and audio optional. But not optimal, I targenal. Box you
in stronger than oxen friend.
Accidents happen I'm a phenomenon, lookin' at me is like staring at the ring too long, you
have 7 days, witness one of the greatest efforts we've ever made.
I'm a heavy weight, swingin' like Butterbean. Imma' cut you clean like a submachine. Gun and
run, it's fun to chase. Someone and space the shots I pop on top a bass drum.

[Mad Child]
We gonna rock the whole crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole room,
kick the walls in, night to morning then we do it again, it's adrenaline. Rock the whole
crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole room, kick the walls in, night
to morning then we do it again, it's adrenaline.

[Mad Child]
You better believe I got a knife up my sleeve, tell you buddies you ain't leavin' till your
bloody and cleaved. By the glory of a warriors code Imma' a destroyer
roll with the Bavarian heart. I'm territorial, wish I could lock the door. Aggressive
localism with my dogs of war, Small man's complex you only get torn apart, Mad Child kinda
like Napoleon Bonaparte. Fornicate with porn stars sluts and strippers, but only on the
internet but what's the difference. Cuz everything's  a memory once it's done I could be my
worst enemy just for fun. We urban gorillas, cops friends with turbans who kill us. We go from
town to town, burning pillage of village. I'm merely concealing a weapon kept inside of my
brain. That's why I'm insane, desire and pain. fire and rain. Sexy beast with an extra piece
of ectasy for this to work effectively. Connect with me well have a chain reaction. I'm
playin' the same game I'm the main attraction

[Mad Child]
We gonna rock the whole crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole room,
kick the walls in, night to morning then we do it again, it's adrenaline

[Moka Only]
I'm carcinogenic, my chemistry's a little bit off, you tend to be a little bit soft.
Well I'm off of my tangent, detective agent. Lieutenant whose medicine you left with
abrasions, face the day like a vacation chase, of fun sun and money, then its back to the
basement. Feels good taking it back to the basics. Like when I was hungry we weren't around in
my A-6. S&M; was like the new cool band that everybody be buzzin' about at news stands. Who's
then, you wanna know a loose cannon, Man than it began with the tapes movin' hand to hand. I'm
writing on the chandeliers, something strange goin' on like langdaliers. This is one of them
songs you can bang for years. Adrenaline thru your heart we smash the unaware.

[Mad Child]
We gonna rock the whole crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole room,
kick the walls in, night to morning then we do it again, it's adrenaline, rock the whole
crowd, come to your town, smash the door down, trash the whole room, kick the walls in, night
to morning let me do it again, it's adrenaline.