Yeah, this is Swollen Members.
Come on, another Battle Axe banger.
Breakin' out the heat, showin' you what's really goin' on.
Come on.

Don't stop Make it last all night
Hey ma' what's really good? Shake ya' ass all night
Come on, get in the ride Drive fast all night
But you already got a girl That's alright.
[x2]

[Mad Child]
What up ma', You wanna hang with a rock star.
Hop into my truck, get stopped by a cop car.
Hot as it supposed to get.
Seem like the police, they don't like my associates.
We some monsters in concert.
Drunk in the middle of the club like who wants it.
Mass appeal with massive wheels, bling-bling
Chocolate belt buckle, i'm the motorcycle ring king.
Brand new breed, creek of vengence.
Bad muscle car with tv's and chromed out enignes.
Fuckin' models and smashin' glass bottles.
Full blown, no helmet, full throttle.
Rhinestone cowboy, desperado.
Underground to winnin' the rap lotto.
Now Mad Child's talkin' 'bout cash son of a bitch.
I was just broke before, it's more fun bein' rich.

Don't stop Make it last all night
Hey ma' what's really good? Shake ya' ass all night
Come on, get in the ride Drive fast all night
But you already got a girl That's alright.
[x2]

[Prevail]
Yo' ma', your so raw, hotter than solar.
I like you so far, dancin' with no bra.
Show me where them hands are, reachin' for my keys.
It's cool we can roll, we do everything in three's.
Four go with them, two come with me.
Pound it like a drum, see how fun it can be.
Now pull like a monster truck, at the crib.
Who want's to fuck, this is life live it up.
Case closed, but there's more for later.
Pushin' the buttons like space invaders.
My whole pack is tattooed and black like villians.
We can bounce tonight, but tomorrow don't catch feelin's.

Don't stop Make it last all night
Hey ma' what's really good? Shake ya' ass all night
Come on, get in the ride Drive fast all night
But you already got a girl That's alright.

Bouce, rock, drink, smoke, do whatever.
Can't stop get more of this cheddar.
Don't you love it when the plan comes together.
We doin' big things spend more of this cheddar.

[Moka Only]
I hear them say glorius how it must feel.
We comin' through rollin' on rims bigger than bus wheels.
And plus skill that's a total package.
You scared like airplanes and explod'em package.
That's the size of the amage we do, no amateur crew.
We takin' care of business like a manager do.
Hey rhymes knowin' how i'm so fantastic.
When I bend it and smack it, just ask the last chick.
The beat knockin' like a brick to the head.
It's Moka O, and if you don't know i'm sick in the head.
Rippin' it, that's why i'm flippin' the bread.
I got your neck noding like a bitch addicted to head. Ya' Know

Don't stop Make it last all night
Hey ma' what's really good? Shake ya' ass all night
Come on, get in the ride Drive fast all night
But you already got a girl That's alright.
[x2]