Far across the water, far across the sea, magician among the spirits, the next delivery
And the scene is set up, the boy who lost his mind, a sudden smell of ether as machines unwind 
Universe of distant stars chilling in its failings
With planets spinning deep in space parading all its flavours
We sit and stare into the night and contemplate forever
Slip away into your dreams, conclude that we may never 

Out and past the harbour where the sharks dream stream ? in the waves
Magician among the spirits is drowning in a cave
As Solomon's my witness, as Gabriel is my guard god ?
Garden of the lovely ones in the devil's back yard ? 

Hand of God sprinkle jewels inside the velvet ceiling
Filling up our unsure hearts with wonder, awe and feeling
All the eyes are staring down and glitter like small children
Their secrets kept, lost in thought, looking at what fueled them 

Singing 'bout the old times, sepia and faded
Magician among the spirits the past has been invaded
Robert Houdini in the distance, we look up through the water
See the comet's silver trail, see the planets falter


Vast science, eternal night shrouded in dark mazes
Runes and tunes preconceived flowing through their phases
Your air or cover ?? wind is dead, consequences endless
Speed of light and empty time your borders to defenders ? 

Marty's evil chuckle 

Walking in the wilderness with my pale sister
Magician among the spirits I said how much I miss her
Jackson on the slipstream, he's moving all around
Chasing tiny orphans, following the sounds, following the sounds 

Fragile and delirious, cannot understand it 
Magician among the spirits, Electra and Miranda
Passed you in a corridor you were drinking Grenadine
Drinking liquid happiness your tears could not be seen, tears could not be seen 

Violent sun propels its rays to seek out beings breathing
Ancient craft that waltz the maze of metal shells beneath me
And dust that swirls, of reddened clouds, floats above the surface
Deserted landscape slips away, forgotten secret purpose


Thin film of moisture, condensing on the screen
Magician among the spirits are you with us, Christine ? Do you really remember the boy I used to be ?
With you every single night in February 

All this ectoplasm believe in ghosts ?
Magician among the spirits, Lord of hosts
Here we are tonight we're speaking to the light ?
Magician among the spirits, make it alright repeat.


Translated from Swedish by Thomas Norin
";Magician!, magician!, my star!
From where on earth do you look out, into outer space!
I am in a forest heather!
You shall not find me again!
Farewell my daughters, I'll see you soon!";