Enid
Words   Music by Steven Page   Ed Robertson 

Chorus 
Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 
Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 

It took me a year to believe it was over, 
and it took me two more to get over the loss. 
I took a beating when you wrote me those letters, 
and every time I remembered the taste of your lipgloss. 

Chorus 

Maybe we always saw right through each other anyway 
but Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 

There were times when I wanted to hurt you, 
and there were times when I know that I did. 
There were times when I thought I would kill you, 
but can you blame me I was only a kid. 

Tell me why we never respected each other. 
and tell me why I never believed that you were a person too. 
I always thought that you fancied my brother. 
I may not have liked it, oh but memory is a strange thing, oh, and Enid? 
Enid I remember you. 

Chorus 

Maybe we always saw right through each other anyway, 
but Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 

it took me a year to believe it was over, 
and it took me two more to get over the loss. 
I took a beating when I wrote you those letters, 
and every time you told me to get lost. 

Now it's not fair to say that it's 
'cause I was three inches shorter then, 
and it's not fair to say that it's 'cause 
I was only fifteen years old. 
But maybe it's fair to say it was a lack of communication, 
I took a phone message, oh and speaking of communication, 
oh, and Enid, 
Enid you got a cold. 

I can get a job I can pay the phone bills 
I can cut the lawn, cut my hair, cut out my cholesterol 
I can work overtime I can work in a mine 
I can do it all for you, 
But I don't want to. 

Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 
Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 
Enid we never really knew each other anyway. 
Maybe we always saw right through each other anyway, 
But Enid we really never knew each other anyway 

Ed 
I can teach you how to dance, how to sing, how to knit, 
How to make things that you never ever made before 
Enid, I can teach you how to use cookie cutters 
To make crazy things out of Play-Doh. 

Little houses, little farms, little accessories for your mom, 
For your Barbie set, for your friends and your family 
Enid, I can teach you how to snowmobile, cross-country ski, snowshoe, 
But I don't want to! 

Enid we never really knew each other anyway 
Enid we never really knew each other anyway 
Maybe we always saw right through each other anyway 
But Enid we really never knew each other anyway 
I took you dancing, paid for your nightschool.