Lean on me! 2X

 quot;Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.. quot; 2X
 quot;Big Daddy.. Big Daddy.. quot;
	 quot;Goes a little somethin like this! quot;

 quot;Can I get a yes quot; 4X
	 quot;Just lean on me quot; - gt; Kane *cut n scratched*

[Big Daddy Kane]
 quot;Can I get a yes quot;  No   quot;Why quot;  I ain't happy
Cause I came back for these troubles to grab me
And they've gotten a hold on me
My oh my, things ain't what they used to be
Looks to me like Eastside got problems
Now it's time to see what we can do to solve them
Change for the better, letter
New rule be enforced in school so we can get rid of
all the bad apples in the bunch
Clean up the wall and cook better lunch
Put the students in class where they should be
to stop roamin the halls, and oh could we
PLEASE, eliminate the drug situation
Stop smokin and get an education
Point blank, let's change the whole scenery
You need help  Well hey, lean on me

	 quot;Just lean on me quot; - gt; Kane *cut n scratched*
 quot;LEAN ON ME! quot; - gt; 2X

 quot;Whattaya do in a situation like this quot;
	 quot;Special mix quot;
 quot;Please!  Like this.. like this.. quot;
 quot;Whattaya do in a situation like this quot;
	 quot;Like this quot; - gt; *cut n scratched*
 quot;Goes a little somethin like.. like.. quot;

[Big Daddy Kane]
Whattaya do in a situation like this
Get tough - or get dissed
The job is yours to play the boss enforce the laws
because the source is knowledge, wanna go to college
Or wannabe GARBAGE
It's up to do so what you gonna do
I-I prefer to learn, cause this is for your own concern
You gotta-you gotta earn, however the world turns
So wake up-wake up, to put some sense in your head
Don't be-don't be mislead, use your brain instead
Because-because a brother like me, can't understand you
playin yourself cheap, like a soggy old Pamper
Since I'm-Since I'm around, I'm destined and bound
to resurrect and perfect the entire school around
the whole-the whole entourage, a class so large
under Joe Clark,  quot;I am the head [nigga] in charge! quot;
The man-the man with the master plan for discipline
Makin changes-makin changes, no matter what we twist or bend
You may not-you may not understand what this mean to me
But for your-but for your own good.. just lean on me

	 quot;Just-just-just-just quot;
 quot;for your own good quot;	 quot;special mix quot;
 quot;You may not understand what this mean to me
 But for your own good.. just lean on me quot;

	 quot;Just lean on me quot; - gt; *cut n scratched*
 quot;Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.. quot; 4X

	 quot;Special mix quot;
 quot;Goes a little somethin like this! quot;
..	 quot;Special mix quot; 2X
 quot;Goes a little somethin like.. like.. quot;
 quot;Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.. quot; *cut n scratched 2X*
 quot;..teachin a lesson quot; *cut n scratched 2X*
 quot;..teachin a lesson to be heard, that's word quot;

 quot;Can I hear a yes quot; 2X

[Big Daddy Kane]
 quot;Can I hear a yes quot;  YES!   quot;Why quot;  Things are better
And we are finally, workin together
in unity, and you're soon to see
Eastside High as a better place to be
The students, the pupils, have morals and scruples
Our learning ability is increased quadrupled
And we're off to a brand new start
I played my part to prove that you're smart
and it's proven, but I ain't movin, I won't be gone
I'm here, when you need someone to lean on
So take heed to this as a blessing and remember..
ain't no  quot;HALF-STEPPIN quot;
Get in full gear, I'm sure that you'll care
in the long run, when you got pull here
That means AUTHORITY
 quot;R-E-S-P-E-C-T quot;   Word!
So let knowledge uproot ya
Go for yours, cause we are the future
The ones who rise to supremecy
And if you ever need a hand, just lean on me

* more cuttin, scratchin, and samples to fade*