[Necro]
Shout out to all you dirt bags, NYU dirt bags, 
that's right scum suckers. Guess who's in the house? 
I came here to lace you, you pigs, you get laced. 
All you pigs
[Radio Host]
Lots of anger, I mean every week, 
every time you come back it gets worse and worse
First time you came you were a little... 
Aight let him do his thing
[Necro]
Lots of anger, you know I rap over my own beats
You know what I'm sayin? Check out the website, check it all out. 
You know what I'm sayin? But stuff.
We gon' do it like this.
Check it Yo, Yo,
Your annihilation is set for sure, no fighting
You'll be deaded beheaded for biting, that's a violation of Necro law
Don't look at me leeay, I really take that severely
You really think you won't end up like Jeff Healy, barely
Able to see me when you're near me, jooks for dirty looks
Me being shook of a wanna be crook? Spare me
I got some serious faults, enslaving women in mysterious vaults
Craving sadistic assaults, bathing your slit wrist in salt
Shove an ice pick in your balls, you'll seizure like a fiend
Going through sickness withdrawls
You diss, you realize you made a mistake, I'm like a razor blade in a cake
Like being sprayed with Raid in the face, while this beat is being played
Till you bleed with an ear ache, you afraid, walking through the gay parade
As your fate, you won't regret pumping a whole cassette, of morbid death
Before you step, kid don't forget Necro's a soldier vet
It's difficult, not to leave you a stiff uh!... 
Check it you all rot! Check it
It's difficult not to leave you a stiff adult, if you rip with insults
Blood will be dripping with ??????, once my instinct impulse
And my instinct force me to flip out, I rip out ya eyes
When I'm under my pistols control
I just might rip open holes, as hemoglobin flows outta ya clothes
You'll be choking while you're smoking ???????
I spar to win, while your bitch in the position God put you in
I'm focusing on butchering, check it
We warming up right now scum bag
[Mr. Hyde]
Black Helicopters. Go lace it Necro! Mr. Hyde's reppin it for him.
It's all over. Necro's in the grills of all of you.
[Necro]    Check it Check it. We gon' do it like this. Yo for 2000
[Mr. Hyde] DROP IT!
[Necro]
The best thing you could do is shut your mouth, 
or I'll have digested in putrid
Glue your intestines, puke is investing in through your throat
Shape up as soon as possible, you could get sent to a hospital
With a dent in you, I'm demented, I'm philosophical
Every killers glock is full, cuz life is filled with obstacles
It's optimal, to pop your skull
You don't wanna see Necro's spine bledding or dismembered
And shut up and help me ??????? something kid I've lost my temper
Necro's the savior that will deprave ya, mentally enslave ya
Control your behavior like Xavier
Don't get into a disagreement, with a sadistic demon
That'll rip your clitoris like a drink and piss European
Force you to swallow a bottle of Listerine
And it's probably only a misdemeanor to chop you and split ya spleen
I'm usually unhappy, I usually have people angry at me
Flipping like an evil gang of Iraqi's
But I'm kill you like I'm gangbanging with khaki's
Cuz you're like ??????to cats slanging the crack
To stack G's you try to out burst, and I respond quick
And knock you out first, cuz I'm beyond sick, like a convict
Death Rap, you get your head cracked, can't mess with that
Switch the beat up, switch the beat up again, Necro shirts coming at you, 
you better rock em or  else you'll be rocking blood!
We dropping verses, we dropping different verses on different Necro 
production you scum sucker. You get torn apart!
Yo, you'd better change your habits, 
before someone blows the brains out your cabbage
Cover you frame before a stranger arranges to stab it
Your life'll contain dangerous havoc, when I deranged savage
Playing games, sends you a plain package of maggots
And I hope you're the next that's killed
How can I show you kindness, when you're spineless I only respect the ill
I think negatively, I'm a regular mega sickly, psycho strictly
Giggly when you're begging to live G
I'll leave you like the legs of a crippled bee, dead your little seed
And force you to watch a pregnant bitch bleed
If you practice swinging axes, the fact is
You'll almost subtract a chance of getting jacked by these crackheads
Cats that wanna see you with cracked ribs
Captive in a basement with your face taped out your back kid
Playa haters are actors, that actually act attractive in ya grill
But deep down they're naturally plastic
Playa Haters DIE! You rot slow. 
You come to the in-store you scum bag and show support. 
Buy T shirts ?????? May 15th.
Right now I'm droppin little verses on you cats, 
give you a little flavor cuz it's all for free. 
I should be selling this right now, but straight up y'all get free stuff.
Independent. Cuz we love underground heads. 
When you buy Necro stuff, Necro gets 10 dollars for it, 
you buy a major label stuff they get a dollar! 
And the rest goes to some cat you don't know.
[Mr. Hyde]
Buy bubblegum with that
So support. Check it, we drop a porn verse for Riz 
Check it we do it like this...
Porn porn, yo, yo,
My breast fill orgies, iller than Porky's
Women can't keep they hands off me, I murder vaginas, I kill em softly
There's nothing more beautiful than your skin nude
But I can't count how many times you've been screwed
And if you're listening then you're a thin prude
Soon enough you'll get you skin consued by a dude
Cuz young cats will put some ????? in your food
And penetrate you rectum with their members they'll intrude
Something you'll never forget,
You said you've never swallowed ever before
Now endeavor you'll forever give better head
Put on your leather corset, give you a medical check
Your vagina stinks, freshen it up, get it correct
You could get, deaded in a sec. punched in your face, beaten to death
Some men like that better than sex
My dialect's, colder than weather in Quebec
Cuz honey you're so disgusting you couldn't get it erect
ww dot, Necrohiphop, buy stuff or get your whole brain damn chopped
ww dot, Necrohiphop.com buy stuff or get your whole damn skull chopped