One eye on the shadows, protecting his fellows,
From sun up till the moon on his back.
Send the villains to Hades, a hit with the ladies 
a stallion, in the sack.

You cant get your life back, when right follows left Jack,
The more you see, the less you know.
When others would leak it, his service is secret.
Plays God when its your time to go.

Queen and country safe and sound, with villains six feet under ground. 
And no one knows cause no ones found any trace of a man for all seasons. 
Loves 'em and leaves 'em alone....so alone
And you and i wouldn't have a clue, whose doing what, why, when and who, up the creek with no conoe,
wathc out for the man for all seasons, loves 'em and leaves 'em alone......so alone but safe at home

From the House of Lords saving Norfolk broads,
Commoners and land a gentry.
His word is Bond with a brunette or blonde, baby its so elementry.
For the man never ends, stop your life with one stare,
See the film you'll know how it goes
This aint no fiction, just check the diction, with pro quo, a pro's pro.

Hey fellas, dont be jealous, when they made him him they broke the mould. So chrasimatic, with an a automatic, 
Never prematurely shooting his load.

Queen and country safe and sound, with villains six feet under ground. 
And no one knows cause no ones foundany trace of a man for all seasons. 
Loves 'em and leaves 'em alone....alone
And you and i wouldn't have a clue whose doing what, why when and who, up the creek with no conoe,
watch out for the man for all seasons, loves 'em and leaves 'em alone......so alone but safe at home

But safe at home [X6]

Queen and country safe and sound, with villains six feet under ground. 
And no one knows cause no ones foundany trace of a man for all seasons. 
Loves 'em and leaves 'em alone....alone
And you and i wouldn't have a clue whose doing what, why when and who, up the creek with no conoe,
watch out for the man for all seasons, loves 'em and leaves 'em alone......so alone but safe at home 

[Repeat to fade]