[Noreaga] 
Chorus: It's long and mad track
	keep the loot in Iraq, 
	Iraq, see the world, the world, see Iraq
	binoculars, ours is out, son, they watching us
	jake hit the strip, now police try locking us

	repeat
[Castro?] It's CREAM on my land
	original man, cross water
	my team break border and court order
	ESP network, TNT explosive expert
	your head jerk, back flip, illegal life shit
	bad guys in black ??, left the scene rowdy
	air cloudy, a bunch of smoke flow astoundly
	new assembly, new identity, remember me
	keep remedy for the poison of my enemies
	maw and remy, Jack D the allizy, yo the motif
        don p, personal henny, have me hurt many
	actions, coke infractions, imanuel and fidel
	our money well, help the crack sale
	stack bail, then we map trail
	get it all back, smoke the black, hold the gat
[Musolini?] The streets got me thinking 'bout my man's passing
	stashing, the ?? with a passion
	got to make it happen, the block steaming
	and 12 k the cops scheming
	secruity be on my back for wrong reasons
	i'm living what i'm saying on the block all day
	before i weren't sure, now I know it's the way
	like if I get caught, I'ma pay
	illegal life, livin' trife what can I say
	getting bent, million dollar dream
	hennesey and maui, while i'm chilling with my man
	on the wood set
	Front, I strike accurate, you get wet
	whatever choice you select, handle appropriate
	baby nine murder my crime, you a fake
	Lefraktion, just wait
	i need half out of that cake of regulate
	taking while you scheming, comtemplate
	only results in a 360 action
	but if it come back then I'm pumping double-action
	blasting, tearing nigga's physicals in
	try to contend, you gets no days, with no wins
	my clientle excel, it's like the double-fell
	drawn into the streets young
	so now I know it well
Chorus
[Mendosa?]	Yo son I'm packing steel where ya hard hat?
	you pull out, ya bust that, your gat useless
	where ya heart at?
	it fingers the trigger, change your lay with fake nigga
	beef with every nigga, watch your back
	of course you get clapped, you didn't bust gat
	splendid nigga, dirty rap
	for my iraq attack, bust you with mega gat
	once a cool cat, smoking dagger, put it in my back
	why you did it like that?
	now my skin bubble fat
	go to sleep I wake you up
[Noreaga] What What! What What!
[Mendosa] In your krib tie you up
[Noreaga] What What! What What!
[Mendosa] Hot oil on ya gut
[Noreaga] Get bucked! Get bucked!
[Mendosa] Iraq element don't give a fuck
Chorus
[Troy Outlaw] We on a mission, not a small-time thing
	I'm addicted to this cash, like crack-addicted fiend to the crack
	but I ain't in to doing no drugs
	I'm just pushing hits, and stacking chips 
	like I'm stacking bricks for a building
	cuz we be building this empire fortress
	secure tight like barb wire
	for inflitrators, regulators, try to manipulate
	booby traps got you hooked like fish to bait
	watch you deflate, like air balloons
	try and ambush this platoon
	you run into a monsoon
	like stormy weather, give a ??? 
	cuz we bust bullets thinking much more clever
	eating through your gear like acid rain
	feeling pain, living like a snake in the grass
	you won't gain, simple and plain, 
	my team play the game so we can win
	we want it all, so we can breath like the wind
[Noreaga] busting .360, cherry red 850
	he blitz devilish, get cursed fucking with me
	eyebrows thick, resemble Some arabian guy
	arabian mind, with source for firearm
	ceasar, waves bangin, brown wallabies
	empty cigars, stay smoked in cool cars
	queens escobar where jewels like scars
	you heavy gold, Slick Rick changed it
	yo, the main vic, plotting on you since '86
	now it's 9-6, you lay low, you mad rich
	strictly big shit, big play, heavyweight
	bodycloth, hear a verse, put it in park
	let the dubs spark, now we ride, my weed dark
	dig deeper, black guns and black repher
	my brothers keeper, throw on the world in a sleeper
	the grim reaper, so much work he got a beeper
	the word def, stamp that, it's on your chest
	yo you bullshit, my click thick, kid we pull shit
	grip tight, illegal life aerolight
	thug blood, the same blood, thicker than water
	slaughter, play this shit in tape recorder
	from iraq to yugoslavia, somalia
	capadre, diamonte, pope', world war 3
	CNN history, by the powers of God, 
	that is invested in me, since '93
	locked up, I did three, got 85% of yall
	worshiping me, back in L.C., hop in cab 33