[studio version appears on ";Pure Guava";] 

People, ya'll ready to cruise on the poopship now, motherfucker? 
Are ya'll poopin' on the big doggy poopship, motherfucker? 
You know what it's about to be on the poopship, but 
People down here in Missouri cruisin' on the big poop log 
Cruisin' on the poop ship, Sector 6, Warp 9 haha 
Cruisin' on the big poop ship, folks! 
Get with it, fucker! 

Let me lock in the system at Warp 2 
I's been chewin' on this here, brownie, baby 
And I thinks- I thinks I'm almost through 

Let's cruise past all the golden poo 
That makes me blue 
I'm talkin' 'bout soybeans, people 
This thing gonna ? ? ? ?*, woohoo 

Poopship, on the poopship destroyer 
You'll know what I'm sayin', that thing can track any motherfucker 
Poopship, on the poopship destroyer 
That's what I'm talkin' about 

Let me jam up all of the frequencies on channel 2 
Push it on into systematic overdrive 
You know, baby, you know what to do, baby 
Come on, come on, I'll tell 

Let's cruise, the chocolate stew was you know who 
The stinks all the funkied-up battles [??]....woohoo 
That's right 

Poopship, on the poopship destroyer 
Poopship, on the poopship destroyer 
Oh, baby...woohoo 
The poopoo, poop 
Give me another one, baby 
Give me another one 
Poop 
Thank you, my lady! 

We love you too! 
Remember to keep your head to the sky, baby 
You know, we're gonna through a wave sequence here 
I'm tellin' ya, Jim, you're gonna be riding upon the poopship 
We're riding the poopship into the next dimension 
Lose the poopship in my.... 
Are you feeling it, Missouri? 
Are you cruising upon the Poopship Destroyer? 
Are you mounting the poopship, Kirk Miller? 
I said, Kirk Miller, I said, Kirk Miller, 
Are you cruising on the Poopship? 
Big Jim! Big Jim! 
I said...... 
[distorted vocals] 

I'm tellin' ya Jimmy 
I, I, I, let's get ya on the poopin' 
The poopin' trail, Jimmy 
Let's do it again 

Let me jam up all the frequencies on Channel 2 
Push it on into systematic overdrive, you know what- what to do 
Let's cruise, can you cruise on the poopship with me? 
Can you cruise on the poopship with me....? 

...We have received the Poopship connection 
With ever what you do, no matter what you do 
You are cruising on poopship 
And I thank you, and I love you 
We are Ween, we are Ween 
You may fuck, you may be fucked 
We thank you for joining us this evening 
We are Ween, and have a beautiful night 
I love you too 
Good night, my love 

[* - on original lyric sheet]