Blanche Wyer: ...6:30 this morning. 
Barb Warner: I can't hear ya. 
Blanche Wyer: I woke at 6:30 this morning with a headache. 
Barb Warner: Oh... 
Blanche Wyer: I wonder to take 'em or not... 
Barb Warner: I wouldn't take 'em. 
Blanche Wyer: I don't know, the headache is heavier than anything else. 
Barb Warner: It's the first time that you took 'em? 
Blanche Wyer: Second. 
Barb Warner: Yeah... 
Blanche Wyer: I had a little bit of a headache this morning. 
Barb Warner: I wouldn't take 'em, mom. 
Blanche Wyer: I won't take 'em now, 'cause I have a toothache that hurts too a 
little bit. I've taken everything I got, been thinkin'
Barb Warner: All that blood pressure medicine you take and stuff too. You 
shouldn't take those things. You're better off not to sleep then to take the...
Blanche Wyer: ? 
Barb Warner: Oh, my god! No wonder you got a headache! Your pressure's probably 
sky high! Why don't...You gotta take that every day!
Blanche Wyer: I try though... 
Barb Warner: Are you crazy?
Blanche Wyer: It's been 3 days...
Barb Warner: That's probably why you have a headache now...Did you take it 
today? 
Blanche Wyer: I did this morning, yeah.
Barb Warner: That's probably why you have a headache, 'cause your pressure's up.
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. 
Barb Warner: I don't know how you can forget to take it. And when that's the 
only pill you take... 
Blanche Wyer: I'm sorry, I have so many pills you'd be surprised. 
Barb Warner: Well, the blood pressure pill is the most important one. 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah, I know... 
Barb Warner: There ain't no other one as important as that one. 
Blanche Wyer: I got one more and then I gotta get to the store. I got two 
refills on it. 
Barb Warner: You only got one pill?! 
Blanche Wyer: I only take one a day... 
Barb Warner: Well, yeah, but you shouldn't let 'em get that low... 
Blanche Wyer: I guess not, but I can take one in the morning and then go get 
some more... 
Barb Warner: They're expensive! If you have to pay for 'em... Procardia? 
Blanche Wyer: No, the other one. 
Barb Warner: Which ones? 
Blanche Wyer: I gotta pay for procardia.
Barb Warner: Were you taking that every day? 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. 
Barb Warner: Well, that's the blood pressure pill... The heart pill, the 
procardia. And what's the other one? 
Blanche Wyer: Ah, H-Y-D-R-O-T-O-N. 
Barb Warner: Oh, that's something to do with water and... And... Water and, uh, 
blood pressure. 
Blanche Wyer: This one tag does say it's for blood pressure... 
Barb Warner: Yeah, I think it works like a water pill type pressure, but the 
procardia's the important one. 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. 
Barb Warner: You have to take that every day. 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. 
Barb Warner: You should take that the first thing when you get up...
Blanche Wyer: Yeah...I know.
Barb Warner: Well, how come you ain't got taken it? 
Blanche Wyer: I took it yesterday, the procardia.
Barb Warner: Well, how come you didn't take it today?
Blanche Wyer: I had the headache today...
Barb Warner: That's why you have a headache! You gotta take the procardia... 
Take it now! That's what it's for, your headache! It's to make your blood 
pressure come down.
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. 
Barb Warner: If you don't you're gonna ha... You'll have a stroke if you don't 
take it. If you got a pretty... Headache that bad you're gonna have a stroke...

Blanche Wyer: I got a headache that bad this morning. 
Barb Warner: Well, you better go take the procardia right now. 
Blanche Wyer: I will, I'll take it when I hang up. 
Barb Warner: You didn't take that other blood... blood pressure pill either? 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah, I did this morning... 
Barb Warner: Well, you should take the procardia right now. 
Blanche Wyer: I'll take the procardia in after nine. Got a horrible morning...

Barb Warner: Well, you... 
Blanche Wyer: I'm glad you can't see it. 
Barb Warner: Well, how long has it been since you took the procardia? 
Blanche Wyer: Three days. 
Barb Warner: How many? 
Blanche Wyer: Three... 
Barb Warner: Well, see, that's ridiculous... You better go take it right now.

Blanche Wyer: I will. 
Barb Warner: Then you'll find out your headache will go away. 
Blanche Wyer: Yeah. I've taken it now, the procardia, just yet. 
Barb Warner: Any other medicine you're taking ain't that important. You ain't 
got nothing but nerve pills. They ain't important. 
Blanche Wyer: I take those every day... 
Barb Warner: Well, the nerve pills ain't that important. The blood pressure 
medicine's important.