Conversation on boat
King KirkWe might be on the mob's hitlist, y'all really with this?
Well we got five minutes so dive in it and get it with the quickness
Dont get ridiculous, bring what you can swim with that's the end of it
At 10:40 digit I want y'all back with the shit
Terrific we can sit sippin' Crystal Christmas
Bricks, split it into triplets and distrubute like cigarettes
More chips than picnics hitting chicks and stuff
Marl and Dubez keep in touch, you brothas, good luck

Dubez
You got the flashlights? [check]
Tracking device? [check]
All we got is what, five? Man it's time to dive
Me and Marlon took it under, said it's best that we split up
Take what we can at 10:35, get up

Marlon Brando
Twenty degrees five minutes, me and Dubez under siege
With ten minutes tops, it's up to us to run the ki's
Yo we fully prepared, scuba gear with the flares
Shark spears, Dubez, wait for this school of fish to clear

Dubez
We dove deeper, I tapped Marlon, ayo, what's that I see there?
Could it be that we there? Man them bricks better be there
Tracking device blinking nigga, oh shit that's it!
Got four and a half minutes, if we blow this, that's it

Marlon Brando
Swam and dipped to a sunken abandoned ship
Sands quicker, one cought up and landed his
Tampered with the compass to make sure we on track
With bags, throw the ki's on that then we can mosey on back 

King Kirk
Sitting fronting like I'm fishing, so far no coast guard
Nervous but calm, heard my watch alarm, checked my arm
Time: two minutes, three left, sweat and nose running
In case let me load the gun in...Oh shit a boat's coming!

Dubez
All this coke I'm getting greedy but I gotta fight the urge
With the ki's to the city in front of me submerged
Time's ticking, quick, we started the brick picking
Telling Marl after this no more of the brick sticking [Alright nigga]
I see us pulling it off with no prob.
What a job, Aquamen underwater robbin the mob
took a look up, seen two boats and got shook up
Brando, what if that's the mob and them fucking the crook up?

King Kirk
Grabbed the binocs, looked like cops, stashed the glock
They sailed up and stopped besides me and just watched
Finally one smiled at me then spoke finally [Catch anything?]
Nah, still trying to! [yeah, alright] Alright me and left silently

Dubez
Yo I think my bag is worthy enough to hold thirty
Heard me? Fuck these last three minutes, let' go early
Dude snap out of it! Yo he's trying to pack alot of it
Yo we gotta split or we get ourselves in hotter shit!
Just grab what you can, you know we on a timed schedule
We can't go out greedy and do twenty-nine federal
We served out purpose, but now purpous in the worstess
Situation, gotta hurry back to the surface

King Kirk
Loading ammo, 10:40, where they at? Goddamn, yo!
Oh no no, aw man yo! here come Italiano
Stashed the toast, but kept my hand close if they approach
Hope Dubez and Marlon scope before they come through floatin
>From Italians boat heard words loud and clear
'Hey Paizano, tell that muly the get the fuck outtahea!'
If it wasn't nine of 'em, I would've put one inside of him
But this predicament I'm in I ain't got no time to win

Marlon Brando
Yo we swam up, all I seen was Kirk shoot the man up
Damn! That fucked the plan up, more men in suits ran up
Kirk put his hands up, He acting like he surrendered
Yo he seen us intending to help that why he preteding!

Dubez
Climbed up on they boat while they bought Kirk faking
Gat in each hand, fully armed like Troy Aikman
Took two out, bullets ricocheing and I ain't playin'
Tossed one gun to Kirk and continued to keep spraying

Marlon Brando
Yo he saw me reaching, I went behind the boat creeping
Now I'm thinking 'I hope he's sleeping' we both peeped him like
Fuck the others, he saw me, I seen him
So I ran in they boat and shot him when he leaned in

Dubez
Semi-auto glazed blazed, I'm thinking my arm grazed
Peeled back the last guiro, blood leaking through my Speedo
Let's bail, blew up they boat, covered the trail
Send a kite to the block perrico is on sale!