There's a simple diagnosis for this vicious symbiosis
feel the growth of rogue psychosis
we are the cause - we are the cure
Across each continent and nation
spread without discrimination,
we refuse our medication - yet inject the virus pure.


Father, mother, sister, brother. Everyone infects each other.
Insidious, incestuous love ?
A feeling more akin to hate
Vying constantly for power
and changing sides with every hour,
in homes built with machine-gun-towers,
the sights trained on the garden-gate.
Seems we made our greatest error when we named it at the start
for though we called it "Human Nature" - it was Cancer of the heart

CHORUS
To show compassion makes you weak
so don't dare turn the other cheek,
Try hard to hide the fear you feel
with a heart of stone and nerves of steel
A naked-ape in the human zoo
you amaze me with the things you do
I watch your pride before the fall
and realise I don t belong at all.

WE try to leave the past behind us
racing onwards - blind and mindless
now the milk of human kindness won't serve for one cup of tea
We sate the hunger - quench the thirst
then lock our doors - expect the worst
be sure and always do to others first what they could do to thee !

It's the biggest contradiction - in terms language could impact
something neither humane or natural - just "Cancer of the heart"

CHORUS
To show compassion makes you weak,
so don't dare turn the other cheek.
Try hard to hide the fear you feel -
with a heart of stone and nerves of steel.
A naked-ape in the human-zoo.
you amaze mo with the things you do.
I watch your pride before the fall,
and realise I don't belong at all.

It's replicating culture sprawls when you see red as 'Rose-Bengal'
The anti-body's common sense - intolerance it's best defence.
Microscopic minds can't diagnose the cause before
the symptom shrows.

A grave threat to the rational health -
be your own physician - heal thyself!.

Seems the biggest contradiction-in-terms language could impart,
something neither humane or natural -just'Cancer Of The Heart'

CHORUS:
To show compassion makes you weak,
so don't dare turn the other Cheek.
Try hard to hide the fear you feel -
with a heart of stone and nerves of steel.
A naked-ape in the human-zoo.
you amaze me with the things you do.
I watch your pride before the fall,
and realise l don't belong at all.