To whom it may concern whoever that may be
For I can think of no-one who has shown concern for me.

My last will and testament I now bequeath
To all those I trusted to those who deceived me
Though by hope deserted of this I am sure
That where I am going you'll hurt me no more.

While your plotting my downfall I'm planning my wake
Still you're trying to see how much more I can take
In this game that we're playing I know I can't win
And my dreams have all ended before they begin.

One for the wish that would never come true
Two for the kisses betraying a fool
Three for the life that was my bed of nails
For there's only one answer when all else fails.

I fear I have been here too long for my own good
Outstaying my welcome when all the time I should
Have heeded my heart when it said take your bow
But I'm sadder and wiser and listening now.

In this life that you're leading you're fooling yourself
If you think you are better than anyone else
So shed not your tears for me now pretty child
For when I was crying - remember, you smiled.

The knife that I'm holding was never as sharp
As the words from your cruel lips that punctured my heart
Tell me where was your friendship in my hour of need
When you stood and you laughed while watching me bleed?

One for the wish that would never come true
Two for the kisses betraying a fool
Three for the life that was my bed of nails
For there's only one answer when all else fails.

Don't talk to me of loneliness - don't speak to me of tears
For I have had enough of both to last a thousand years
"If music be the food of love" then let a famine rage
To starve my childish innocence before it comes of age.

One for the wish that would never come true
Two for the kisses betraying a fool
Three for the life that was my bed of nails
For there's only one answer when all else fails.

I beg you forgive me - I apologise
For wasting your time with such lengthy goodbyes
But as I depart - unto destiny kneel
I pray that one day you will know how I feel.

Goodbye.