I remember when I was a girl
Our house caught on fire
And I'll never forget the look on my father's face 
As he gathered me in his arms and raced to the burning building out on the
pavement.
And I stood there shivering and watched the whole world go up in flames. 
And when it was all over I said to myself "Is that all there is to a fire?, Is that
all there is?"

Is that all there is?
If that's all there is, my friends, then let's keep dancing
Let's break out the booze and have a ball
If that's all there is

And when I was twelve years old, my Daddy took me to the circus
'The greatest show on earth'. 
And there were clowns and elephants, dancing bears, and a beautiful lady in pink
tights flew high above our heads. 
And as I sat there watching, I had the feeling that something was missing
I don't know what but when it was all over I said to myself "Is that all there is to
the circus?"

Is that all there is?"
If that's all there is, my friends, then let's keep dancing
Let's break out the booze and have a ball
If that's all there is

And then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world. 
We'd take long walks down by the river or just sit for hours gazing into each
other's eyes. 
We were so very much in love and then one day he went away and I'd thought I'd die,
but I didn't.
And when I didn't, I said to myself "Is that all there is to love?"

Is that all there is?
If that's all there is, my friends, then let's keep

I know what you must be saying to yourselves if that's the way she feels about it, 
Then why doesn't she just end it all. 
O no, not me, I'm not ready for the final disappointment
Cause I know just as well as I'm standing here talking to you, 
That when that final moment comes and I'm breathing my last breath, 
I know what I'll be saying to myself "Is that all there is?"

Is that all there is?
If that's all there is, my friends, then let's keep dancing
Let's break out the booze and have a ball
If that's all there is