[Tony Yayo]
Yee nigga
Fuckin back hunger for more
Tony's home
Yo Banks I told these niggas man
[Lloyd Banks]
Yall done fucked up now
Yee!
Yeeeeee!
[Tony Yayo]
Here We go

[Chorus: Lloyd Banks]

Aint no click like the one I'm with
If the drama gets thick its the guns I get Now
G Unit niggaz is runnin this shit Now
If you aint reppin where you from then sit Down
We gettin dough everywhere we go
And it's killin 'em slow just to hear me blow Now
G Unit niggaz is runnin this shit Now
If you aint reppin where you from sit down

[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]

By now I know you done seen me
On your stadium or TV with three eighty on the EV
I skeet babies on your breezy
And I aint stoppin Only Jake the Jacob could freeze me
Leaves me and its bye bye gone
We got guns like Pop-eye arms
I put a ring on their finger But the rats still askin
Cause theres one in all they mind Im the Rap Phil Jackson
N I built a rep for murderin every Whoo Kid, Kayslay and Big Mike
Admit it the kid tight, And you aint even put up a fight
So its back to da amatures, Wrapped in ya sandwhiches
I'm hot now so the rats wanna stand with us
They hop in the van with us and clap on cameras
I hit the clubs now I'm back tourin Canada
Amongst weed smokers, and crap floor gamblers

[Chorus]
[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]

Make sure the birds dont get brought to 'em
I watched Kobe go from the basketball court to the courtroom
Go ahead try n do me harm soldier
You'll be in a black bag like grass out the lawnmower
And I'll be damn if I co-sign a old snitch
That was gangbangin when jaws was a goldfish
I'm the name they all screamin on the street
For bullyin the bassline and leanin on the beat
I'm well known now so you see me on the creeps
Schemin on a freak fan blade leanin on a jeep
Aint walkin with the fire, so if you say banks in ya verse then you better be talkin bout Tyra
From PA to LA, Atlanta to Texas, Nashville to Memphis, My buzz is tremendous
I pass thru the city slow, but the hit the gas on the silly hoe
Bounce like ass in my video

[Chorus: Lloyd Banks]

Aint no click like the one I'm with
If the drama gets thick its the guns I get Now
G Unit niggaz is runnin this shit Now
If you aint reppin where you from then sit Down
We gettin dough everywhere we go
And it's killin 'em slow just to hear me blow Now
G Unit niggaz is runnin this shit Now
If you aint reppin where you from sit down

[Verse 3: Tony Yayo]

Ayo banks let me put some work in, its been a while

Ayo, uno, dos, tres, cuatro
My clique eat like the 12 holy apostles
And bust down models in flushed out tahoes
Jewels froze look like we hit the lotto
P89, my clip filled wit hollows
Stun in the club get hit with yellow bottles
Don't speak ma, if your neck dont swallow
Cuz 50 push bentleys and Dre push Diablos
That Eminem money got cash in my eskro
Scrooge Mcduck stays swimmin' in my cash flow
Yay rappers cracked man I got the best blow
Best flow, Banks put me in the booth lets go
Think like castro, Games in the lasso
Dont jump in the Benz without steps on the petro
God gave me this flow so I am special and 16 bars nigga I'm finished, finito!

[Chorus]

[Tony Yayo]

We Told YAll Muthafuckas Man!
Yall Niggas Look Like Us And Smell Like Us But Your Not Us Man!
Lloyd Banks Hunger For More!
We Back Nigga!
50 The General!
Young Dezzy Buck!
Game!
The Rap Game Is Ours Nigga!
Hunger For More!
Rida Music Nigga!
This For Them Gangsta, Them Generals, Them Comrades!
Uh Huh!
This Is Rida Music! HaHa