[Chorus]
I came in this world by myself uh huh
So i don't need no friends nope
I rather have it this way yeah
It's ok, it's ok it's ok nigga
You motherfuckers gon' respect me yeah
Cuz i can take you off here today
I rather have it that way uh huh
It's ok, it's ok whooooo

[Verse]
Uh..
I'm on the prowl with the hammer, hardly smile at the camera
Too many niggaz is dyin', i'm spendin' time with my grandma geah
A hundred grand in the safe, a hundred grand in your face
A million plus in the bank, will scuffed in the paint Oh!
You handcuffin' that bitch, she dont wanna be with you
All she want is your chips, my lil' nigga beat it too uh huh
Stick the heaters through, so we can party good
Rare son will beat it through, brawl it out in Hollywood
The Boywonder will unravel your team
I'm TRL next to Avril Lavigne, all my carrots are green uh
The booda is purple uh we rule and i hurt you uh
You movin' in circles, we do it all, movies, commercials God Damn!
Stadiums, clubs, ladies and thugs, hood and the 'burbs
I'm on the red carpet cuz i'm good with my words
I'm ready for war, i'm stackin' my chips
You flappin' your lips, you niggaz ain' even hoodrich.. Geah!

[Chorus]
I came in this world by myself uh huh
So i don't need no friends nope
I rather have it this way
It's ok, it's ok it's ok nigga
You motherfuckers gon' respect me geah
Cuz i can take you off here today
I rather have it that way uh huh
It's ok, it's ok Ghea!

[Verse]
Keep your circle official, watch them niggaz thats with you why
Outsiders'll get you, hot shit in your tissue sue
All i need is my figures, i aint stressin' no hoes uh
Ridin' roudn with my niggaz, hand crushin' that 'Dro
Fiddy made me a star, now they know who we are
Album top of the charts, your condo is my car Ha
Income is my chain. stash box is my watch huh
You fairly new in the game, i ain't passin' the rock na uh
All i been sensin' is hate, ever since i been straight
Cuz they stuck in the hood, hand crumbs in their plate Ha
And i'm strappin' the nine, in case they wanna combine
Gather up on a nigga, i ain't rappin' in line
Keep your eye on your money, stop eyeballin' mine
Drop sumthin' every year, flop all of the time
Stop makin' your records, i ain't answerin' shit
Why don't you get off my dick... Bitch!

[Chorus]
I came in this world by myself
So i don't need no friends uh huh
I rather have it this way uh
It's ok, it's ok it's ok nigga
You motherfuckers gon' respect me
Cuz i can take you off here today uh huh
I rather have it that way
It's ok, it's ok

[Outro]
It's ok nigga..
I don't need no friends..
I got money.. Hahaha
G-UNit...!!!