[Featuring Prospect]
[Big Pun]
It's mine, it's all mine you understand? Just me and my peoples. Can
you dig
that? 21st century, but I never see it. Bottom of the corner, baby.
Ours
for the taking.
Verse one: Big Pun
Yo; I've seen child blastin a man, some with them are turning to
murderers
Let us stray by the liars' death clause, fires observing us
Watching us close, marking our toast ??? is purposely overtaxing the
earnings
Nervous, burning down the churches
They're scared of us rather beware than dare to trust
Always in jail, million dollar bail, left there to rust
Lets call in order, give ourselves a chance to enhance, broader
Advance where the minorities are the majority voter
Holding my own, I'm living alone in this cold world
My sister just bought a home without a loan, you know girl
She's an exception, some people can leap to the impression
See, me, myself I start flippin and fall victim to deep depression
I'm stressing the issue here, so we can cross the fiscal year
Tired of getting fired and hired as a pistol-eer
There's no longevity living off negativity
Fuck it, I'd rather sell reefer than do pizza delivery
That's how the city be, everybody gettin they hustle on
Judge singin death penalty like its his favorite fucking song
Word is bond, taking my life you know they lovin it
Got off the government and its fuckin capital punishment
Chorus: Prospect
Capital punishment, given by the government
Systems they organized they get to you and who you running with
Can't live alone, lets spread our spots and tap phones
So when they came, yo, for life, the rifle ?hit in they zone?
We came from kings in Queens, people with dreams
Gods and herbs, for what its worth
We gonna fit the Earth with infinite worth
First its turning tables, open our own labels
They say vote the Republicans, they reverse capital punishment
Verse two: Big Pun
I've seen it all up close, shit without the movies you'd be buggin
My cousin Juju, barely a juve' lost it and turned on the oven
He wasn't playin, blew out the flame and started inhalin
Baring a secret too deep to keep on the streets for sharin
Wearing the virus, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
Is dickin every thick premiscuous ?? seed
Listen to me, shit is rough in the ghetto, you bluff, blow your head
off
Fuck a snuff, we bust lead off!
Get off your high horse, or die off like an extinction
Boriquans are like Mohicans, The Last of the Mohicans Mohicans
We need some unity for all the deep security
The maturity, keeps me six feet, above obscurity
The streets are deadly and everybody's a desperado
I guess the motto we promise to let you ??? your motto
Like Zorro, I mark my territory with a symbol
Not with a Z, but a P, cause punishment's what I resemble!
I lend you this if it expands yours, for you and yours
A real man can't fall, he stands tall
The Man's claws are diggin in my back, I'm trying to hit him back
Time to counteract, where my niggaz at?
Chorus
Verse three: Prospect
You like that, It's Pun and Prospect
We hold nines, own more treasure than goldmines, making progress
With Don Juan's, there's rules to be made, crews to be sprayed
Dues to be payed, nothing y'all can do to behave
We laid in the slums, made a cake out of crumbs
Eventhough the government, trying to take out our sons
Rudy Gulliani trying to blind me, but I see reality
Was raised with this street mentallity
My strategies wide, my battery never die
The ghetto kept me wise, so I would never fall to the lies
Its not surprise, but to or die if you want the glamour
Yeah, I want the glamour, laid up with cheese and trees in Atlanta
My Cubans smoked out like Ronald Eisley with Havanas
The hammer hit em in the palm, never shaky, calm 'halers
This renegade blow throught barracades like grenades
I turn the sun to shade, then the night back to day
Like the twenty-four hour rotation
I know the location, its just a little in-for-mation
Here come the Squad, bringing the Terror for the nine-era
And let it rain on your fine leather, nigga, what?
*beat to fade*