[Intro:]
Hey Mr. DJ, can you play another slow jam? Play it for my baby. 
Hey Mr. DJ, can you play another slow jam? 

[Verse 1:]
In case you didn't know your boy June's a playa. I like club hits but a slow jam's major. To get my lady movin' in a special way, to make it for the times I've been gone away. Either around with my folks around the roads. Doin sometime or doin' the show. That slow jam always brought us closer together. Somehow, someway, just made things better. So listen up girl when you're sittin' alone hit your local DJ and request that song. It reminds you of me when I'm not around your boy got love and I'm always down. I know you gonna dig it when we all alone. You turning off my two-way in my cellu-phone. You want me for yourself and I understand, but I always can't be there so here's a slow jam. 

[Chorus:]
Play another song for me, turn it up because I love my baby, my baby a slow jam Play another song for me, turn it up because I love my baby, my baby. 

[Verse 2:]
I'm at the club V.I.P taking it light. I've been doin' my girl wrong so now I'm makin it right. The last couple months I ain't been there to kiss her so I'm tryin' to make it up to let her know that I miss her. My life style was sick. Rugged and rough. I called when I can but still was never enough. you up all night wiatin' on my call while I'm in the streets tryin' to ball. I know it's hard to take all I've done. So ordered you a shot hood at 151. You kickin' back, chillin' by candle light. Everything's alright. You're with your man tonight. I'd do this everyday if I had a chance. Goin' to kill that last girl, it's time to dance. That crunk beat is cool, for sure it pound but DJ could you please slow it down. 

[Chorus:]
Play another song for me turn it up because I love my baby, my baby. Play another song for me, turn it up because I love my baby, my baby. 

[Verse 3:]
What can I say DJ, you had me on the first song. I heard it, I knew this is for the one who would change my life forever and how I see it, and how I live it, my heart's beatin'. When I'm holdin you close to me, dancin' to the slow tune, walk through the roof. I was blessed to be in your presence, my angel from the heavens above who would save my life and didn't even know these words from this love song couldn't compare to the things I wanna tell you and show you, alive. I'ma ride for you. Hey yo DJ, you will read in my mind when you play this song that reminds me of her. Now I know what heavens really like. It was you that i needed in my life to complete the missing piece to my puzzle. And now I want the world to know how much I love you. I love you baby! 

[Chorus:]
Play another song for me turn it up because I love my baby, my baby. Play another song for me , turn it up because I love my baby. my baby.Play another slow jam/ NB Ridaz and boy Junebug Slim. Cuz your so fly, cuz your so fly and we're bringing you a slow jam. For the ladies, for my baby cuz I love you, cuz we're down like that, cuz we do it [x5] NBK