1-2, 1-2-1-2-3, I'm the emcee called Ice-T
That's DJ Evil E, Islam creates the beats
You girls look so sexy
I wish you all were up here with me
You drive me crazy with those big ole butts
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

Tonight,I wanta make this real clear,dear
I've no time to whisper in your ear
No time to remove our fears
I just wanta get near
Get butt naked and roll around
Move our bodies like up and down
Do that stuff that your mama call smut!
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

Come on,you know you wanta do it,too
It's good to me,and it's good to you
I only speak what's true
You say you don't,but I know you do
Come on up to my room
We'll undress by the light of the moon
Lay down and I'll caress that butt
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

I mean real stupid and nasty
I know what you wnat,so you don't have to ask me
Just lay back and I'll operate
Jimbraski will go to work and penetrate
And then we'll both feel great
Make your move tonight,girl,don't hesitate
We both want it,don't make it tough
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

Homeboys,you know the situation
You're trying to rap but they give you frustration
Nose in the air,turnin' you down
When you really wanta say! "Yo baby let's get down"
But you don't,you keep frontin'
Kickin' conversation,ain't talkin' 'bout nothin'
When all that's really on your mind is what

"Yo baby L.G.B.N.A.F."
That's right if you're a man you want it
If you're a woman you tease him and flaunt it
But my crew got to have it
And after they dog it,I autograph it
The SYNDICATE don't lecture
We move in a group,seduce and capture
And if the posse has good luck
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

ISLAM takes the pictures
And girls,I'm a say EVIL E's gonna get ya
Get ya illin' in a nude mode
A double X-rated episode
Hotel rooms cold explode,when my posse unloads
Sex in effect when we're on the road
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!

Throw your hands up in the air
If you love sex I know you're out there
Safe sex that is,ya gotta be careful with this 88 sex biz
But that's another song
Girls,move your bodies sexy and the brothers will come along
Homeboys,move in on that butt and say!
Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!