[Grand Puba]
Now a lot of people think this is easy as it looks
Books and books of rhyme concepts and hooks
Session to session to get thoughts manifested
Stressin and stressin to hit the world with a blessin
Lot of people often ask,  quot;Puba how you givin back quot;
The way I give back is through the knowledge of my raps
like a gem, for all my people caught out on a limb
who be givin in, caught out on a stem, who don't wanna win
 quot;I'm feelin you I know you gettin down like that
 but what I'm sayin Dog is let me hold a little somethin black!
 I'll hit you back! quot;  C'mon dead that, that's the tenth time
I heard that -- all you know is gimme I work hard for every penny
that I make -- video and tape
LP and CD, if I fall, you feedin me
No dough to spread, always keep a level head
Long as my seeds get fed, it won't go to my head, so..

	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Everybody love a star, when he on top
	 quot;Don't don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Nobody comes around when the star start to drop
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Strive to help others who help themselves
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no no no no no! quot;
Knowledge of self, and good health and wealth 

[Sadat X]
The ladies are datin, no question but you can't tell her that
Cause subconciously, we put our hand out
Like I'm that ATM cat, drop me off at Chase
Earring in the navel like you sex-u-al
Royalty, while the whole loyalty means [shit]
Get wreck in the kitchen like she were on the cooking channel
and didn't have a [nigga] in the car do'
Got  she's a mother to be, I hope they're twins
Give me a whole tribe
and be as sexy as Janet was on the cover of Vibe
She slick talk, playin you
well she got a girlfriend that used to tap
back when, so she always worryin with you
Tell her hold it down ma, I give you high ranks
Sometimes you wild but I guess that's your style
If you lay up in my high rise, will you stay wise
Will the slave thighs open your eyes, girl..

	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Don't believe those jealous type cats
	 quot;Don't don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Cause I'm the one makin some late night cash
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
I told you girl my home is my castle
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no no no no no! quot;
Understand it won't be no hassle

[Lord Jamar]
I heard your single on the battle of the beats
It won five nights, I bet you had the time of your life
Workin so hard, and so long, to make a record
Finally to make a song people respected
Collect the dough at a show as you sip the Mo'
Now you hittin the flo', you never hit befo'
Got you trippin, how much better could it get
Got the leather with the work check, all up in the whip
They're all legitimate, callin it what it's really not
This is just one single you got, that's really hot
Tomorrow it could bust just like a blood clot
Leave you in the dust with your body to rot
Another party to rock, if it's you or if it's me
it doesn't matter cause it just won't stop
Don't let your gray matter pop
Cause when you release the album
If they don't cop, you gonna get dropped, so..

	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Cause one single don't make you a hit
	 quot;Don't don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Stay true to who you are don't never forget
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
Keep your feet on solid ground
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no no no no no! quot;
Cause what goes up, must come down, uhh

	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
	 quot;Don't don't let it go your head, no! quot;
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no! quot;
	 quot;Don't let it go your head, no no no no no! quot;