*Verse 1*
Off the rossi twisted, I'm not yo average package, snatch it,
too bad ya had to miss it, english keeps me lifted, we can take a,
one good leg to kick it, my walkin til I'm cripled,
talkin sick wit it, top of shiznit,
til it get noted that I'm liquid,
quick we bustin on all you rivals, all about survival, liabale,
to burn up every bible, cuz ain't no fuckin wit my style, dial
1-800-fuck-it,
cuz I'm zoned up out my mind,
an based on the notion that it's kill a nigga nine times,
sonic boom like Guile,
Dr. Doom proper room wit space,
cuz I'm off the wall like Michael, my ice cream like Dryers, I is,
certified fifty,
nifty, won't it be one hella've sight to try an get me,
sticky as a ???,
I be leavin crips wit shit g's,
english go over to mickey's,
incredible like bitch be tryin to pull sixty-six point sixty,
victim full of fish, cook 'em shook 'em like yhatzee,
I'm mo hated than a nazi,
scorchin niggaz is my posse, try to stop me.
chorus
Brotha Lynch keeps me tremendous,
talkin keeps me tremendous,
X-Raided keeps me tremendous,
an these be my brothaz an they keep me in this,
Big Nation keeps me tremendous,
Capone, an Silouette, keeps me tremendous,
annihilation keeps me tremendous,
now these is scorchin niggaz an they keep me in this
*Verse 2*
I got some shit to blow my mind,
that I juss can't shake,
juss give me yo microphone an funk-beta beat, watch me eat these
niggaz up like Jason,
chasin you through camp pistol lake
like a wolf on crank hit the dank,
the tank up, put on the make-up
an come back to life like Brandon Lee,
hit the corner, wit a four-four loner,
on a one way trip off that water,
run fo yo life, the mic rock hard,
I'm fuckin wit no grease no love fo the police,
watch for the boner, bend over, swig the ole-e, the microphone fling,
the leather chrome green, ??? can't seen, like death on Halloween,
like a hollow tip, smoke somethin mean,
built the mic, an the drink one for you an one for me, an call me
Superflex, cuz like that mic I'm breakin necks,
run train tracks, like stand by me,
lookin for any dead body,
I'm grip like a pitbull, leave yo brain gone like Muhammad Ali,
stun all these ridaz,
creepin up by the minutes, sky's the limit,
super-duper storm trooper, gotta watch my back like Martin Luther,
see me comin wit my bright lights out, tremendous,
that's what six is all about.
chorus
Black flags keeps me tremendous,
Dickey saggin keeps me tremendous,
Beleini Way keeps me tremendous,
do or die double E, nigga deep up in this,
Old English keeps me way twisted,
tequilla lime keeps me way twisted,
gets me in the mood to handle unfinished biz-ness,
intoxication keeps a nigga in this.
*Verse 3*
I mix my gin wit my Ole E, tremendous,
hit 'em all up, get 'em all up, out they suspendaz,
wit my big bad automag, toat tag,
for that meet 'em bottomless I betta be glad, I got 'em this,
straight, heated glass, drag a ninja wit my pants saggin, gaggin,
I'm sick music made, sicker than a pit in shit, I'm wit sick,
tall Ken an Fig, dicks big, got you fiendin fo the sickness,
Swartzenagger.
Free weed gets me tremendous,
juicy clits get me tremendous,
loose lips gets me tremendous,
Swartzenagger an you know I'm in this,
My nigga six he got me in this,
tall Ken, I told ya I'm in this,
my nigga Fig, I'm glad you in this,
I put that on my mama I'm a make my grip.
Swartzen-nigga, all the way to represent
ya know, it's the way we gonna do it,
nine-seven, an forever, fiends is talkin,
can't even knock our hustle cuz we're tremendous.
An ya best believe that.
Swartzen-nigga, that's right give it to ya here,
Mr. Caine an I'm out.