OPENING 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be, yeah 

VERSE 1: Sung by Aretha 

You've been hanging round my boyfriend 
You've been sayin that he's sweet, yeah 
Girl I know that you've been talking 
Because the talk is on the street 
You say that you are gonna steal his heart 
Well sweety you ain't gonna get that far 
You're after somethin that don't belong to you 
Well girlfriend I've got news for you 
spoken:What are you trying to say Miss Thang? 

CHORUS 

It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never gonna be your man 

VERSE 2: Sung by Whitney 

Well I just ain't the kind of woman 
To pick the fruit off of your tree, girl 
And you keep saying that he's your man 
Well that ain't what he said to me 
He blow me kissses as he drives away 
He sends me roses in the middle of the day, yeah 
You think it's you that he's thinking of 
But I'm the one he really, really loves 
spoken: So what am I tring to say? Don't dis me girl!! 

DOUBLE CHORUS 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never, never gonna be you'll see 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never gonna be your man 

BRIDGE 

Aretha speaks: What are you doin? Layin and hangin back? 
Whitney sings: Don't you know it girl? 
Aretha speaks: Hmmm...Just as I suspected... 
Both sing: You been talkin that line, line, line line line and the nah nah nah nah but the man is mine, Hey!! 

Aretha: He blows me kisses as he drives away 
Whtiney: He sends me flowers in the middle of the day, yeah 
Aretha: You think it's you that he's thinking of 
Whitney: I know I'm the one that he really, really, really loves. 
Aretha speaks: What am I tring to say Miss It? 
Whitney speaks: What are you tring to say? 
Aretha speaks: Get real!! 

DOUBLE CHORUS followed by scatting improvisation by both 

SPOKEN INTERACTION 
A: So now what is this? 
W: Well you know 
A: That my man is supposed to be interested in you? 
W: What can I say 
A: You know, I realize that you're under pressure. 
W: Yes, I am 
A: And that you are suffering from delusions, but uh 
W: Well 
A: Don't be ridiculous 
W: I'm not 
A: Get Real! 
W: You better get real! 
You know the deal, he told me he loves me and that I'm just his forever 
A: Uh huh... forever 
W: Forever 
A: Must have played out about 20 years ago. Now check this out. Your man is not my man! 
W: This is true! 
A: Uh huh 
W: This is true. 
A: Now, every king has his queen, and I love my role being his queen 
And I hope you like yours too... 
W: Well, I'm his princess 
A: ...whatever that is... 
W: Bursts into laughter Wait a minute....wait 
A: Come on now... 
W: OK...Well he said that I'm his princess... you might be his queen, but I'm his princess 
A: Yeah, well, I like being the queen myself 
W: Well, you know that's what you are, bursts into laughter again 
A: Shut up....laughs...shut up! 
W: Oh, this is funny