I have enough of doing my part
I wanna run off - cast off - No Success!
Gonna let go of all the shit! Break with you all!
No Success!
Too much passion to walk in the line...
Come on!
I expose your lifestyle - your concept of degredation!
No Success! No Success!
No Success! No Success!
We 'bout ta blow the fuckin' place!
Fuck lucks and leprachauns u get stepped upon
In a sec u gone transform like a decepdichan
Stayin' a step beyond light years
You're playin' upon my fears
I switch gears and bringin' fear to those within my sphere
Try to hold me down control my sound what is it u stupid
My crew split doom's like toothpick's home do u know who u fool with
Threw accoustics with cool shit fuck bullshit who you with
Arsonists set fires u getting tired you'll have - No Success!
You thought we fell from your weak spell
Do tell friends and foes - We 'bout ta bring ya to hell
What's that smell? No Success!
Follow if you can Hollow is your plan Withstand society
Government's eyin' me lyin' to me
Electric chairs fryin' me!
Damn fuckin' right! You take the truth out of my head!
Bang! And then I understand...
Radical - Dressed up like a fashion style...
Wild youth - Sold Out! And who asks why?
Search my house and search my car!
I don't have anything to lose!
Use me! Rip me off! Accuse me...
The message is clear - No Success!
No Success! No Success! x3
You are a soldier on the industrial battlefield...
You know I don't love for sale but You Fuck To Die!
I don't want to make a secret of it! Your success is just a lie!
That's how we live but how are you? I don't want to work for any of you!
No more engine of your game - This time you gonna burn a blaze!
I say No! No! No! No! No Success!
I say No! No! No! No! No Success!
No Success! No Success!
Double tall latte, call me baby
Double tall latte, mobile phone
Double tall latte, super briefcase
Call me but I'm at the mall
...Locked in - I can't move and I'd say:
Fuck you! Cause we're still on course...
His suicide, His suicide, His suicide
His suicide, His suicide, His...
No Success! No Success!
No Success!
Come on! Come on! 
No Success! No Success!