[OMEGA:]
Where I was born, nothing is promised 
My life is filled with less hope than the prophecies of Nostradamus 
Omega marks the ending of predictability, birth of agility 
Who will it be to test me and expose their futility. 
Iron like a lion from Zion stop tryin' so hard, 
I think I smell your brain cells fryin'. 
The family's behind you if you're worthy 
Philosophies developed deep in the back streets of dirty Jersey 
Troops with scully hats and Timberland boots 
No more break-dancing for loot. 
Niggas hustle and shoot 
In the Garden State, it grows stink weeds and criminals 
Government funds are minimal 
Oppression's subliminal 

[CLEF:]
These days it's hard for we to find peace of mind 
Between insanity and sanity there lies a thin line. 
Some dwell in hotels with Jezebels 
A stone age and fall a victim to the Plague 
Unclean bad dreams of Wyclef being a fiend, one last kiss from my sweet serpentine 
Eliminate then break, navigate to rejuvenate thoughts of suicide with my nickel plate. 
Reconcilation came from my enemy-friend 
Who said family don't bend 
We stay silent till the end. 
Now who would think that your best friend 
Would be your worst enemy and your enemy your best friend. 
Stare into the air inspiration from the atmosphere 
I think of old ghosts, that ain't even here. 
Like Alex Haley take notes on this Biography 
My family tree consists of street refugees. 
A ghetto land, where we talk slang 
Stolen cars bang, like my chitty bang-bang sh-bang 
For the heads, we ain't sellin' cocaine today 
So refrain and let my family reign okay 

[CHORUS: Omega]

Just walkin' the streets death can take you away 
It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day 
of Shaton don't play 
At night the evil armies So defend the family that's the code to obey 

[CLEF:]
But if I fall asleep and death takes me away 
Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay 
At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play 
So the family sticks together and we never betray. 

[CLEF:]
Nah F**k that 
Fifty-two pick up, no cops around 
Fifty-two thousand in cash, I don't want no savings bonds 
Have the money ready, I smell something fishy 
Your wife's in my custody 
One false move and you'll find her body in the sea. 
That's the voice of the kid, that's the kidnapper 
I do my work and then I catch my ticket to Jamaica. 
Meet me in the alley, make sure you bring the money 
This ain't the seventies I'm far from a jive turkey 

[LAURYN:]
My circle it can't be broken 
Open, cut-throatin', provokin' 
Record promotin, tokens chokin' on they words like smoke and. 
Cause we soft spoken, doesn't mean that we've forgotten 
Your bootie smells rotten and one day you will be gotten 
See joker's is scatter-brained, their focus is unrestrained 
My army is trained, you never find us beefin' in vain. 
Cause I've seen fire and I've seen rain 
You claim fame, while modest niggas remain. 
I can judge a character like Ito judge a verdict 
And if you bringin' threats I give you sex if I ain't heard it. 
See poppin' s***'s about your attitude and how you word it 
I've seen the biggest niggas on the block get murdered 
And they deserverd it 
Or so the beast said when they served it  
That s*** is nervous 
So what's my purpose 
Family, we must preserve it. 
Your number's retired 
I hope you like the hell fires 
You'll be screamin' Murder she Wrote like Chaka Demus and Pliars. 

[CHORUS: Omega]
Just walkin' the streets death can take you away 
It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day 
At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play 
So defend the family that's the code to obey 

[LAURYN:]
If I should fall asleep and death takes me away
Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay 
At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play 
So the family stick together and we never betray. 

[FORTE:]
We used to jump rope, 
But now we gun hope 
Bustin' shots off of project roof tops 
Sending signals with the blunt smoke. 
Ock, don't talk a lot if you can't hold it in lock 
If you think lips sink ships, 
Imagine full glock clips. 
I hold a glass of Remy Martin 
Gettin' milks by the carton 
Extortin' the light weights for thinkin' they important 
The night pays and heavenly ways 
Ain't nothin' free ah 
Knowledge of your family and steppin' to your B.I. 
You see I, stay on top of s*** like a fly 
My niggas reach when they got beef 
Then jet down to South Beach 
Yo mouthpiece is yappin' 
I hear it in your rap and 
My family is thick so that bulls*** could never happen. 

[CLEF:]

Just walkin' the streets death can take you away 
It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day 
At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play 
So defend the family that's the code to obey 

[LAURYN:]
If I should fall asleep and death takes me away 

Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay 
At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play 
So the family stick together and we never betray.