Maria called herself an actress.
She was waiting by the phone.
She was young and pretty but it never rang
so she bought some silicone.
And suddenly she became a star
and she never did sleep alone.
She got rich and famous and all because
two little pieces of silicone
So all you unknown ladies - in case you haven't known
just simply save your money up to buy some silicone !
Thank you for calling the escape-reality-hotline.
Please enter your personal I.D.-code now - please enter your personal I.D.-code now.....
Overkill - pay the bill - the writing's on the wall !
Ride on - long gone - heading for the fall !
Hold the line - the neon sign says : I don't care too much !
I don't know if you've noticed it - but you've got that special touch !
On the road to infinity - the road to the stars.
We look oh so cool - just like brand new used cars.
Tomorrow's sold out ! says the dog to his bone
and all because a little piece of ......
Silicone under the rainbow  Zero - Zero - One 
pretty soon we'll be flyin' away  One - Zero 
it's obvious you see -we've found the magic key
to the gods of the apemen we pray.
 thank you for calling the escape-reality-hotline.
Silicone - where did our brains go ?
I don't miss mine but got yours on the phone !
So in case you may need it - someone else tries to feed it
with the essence of bytes - Silicone !
Thank you for calling the escape-reality-hotline.
If you dial 5-0-6 , your call will soon be transferred to the brain-exchangement-section.
If you dial 6-8-9 an operator will speak to you in person.
Be well, citizen, your future is now.
Be well, citizen, your future is now.
Your future is now - your future is now........
Technology - follow me - the factory of time.
Amateur - needs a cure - 'cause thinking is a crime.
Big Brother, too - is watching you - Metropolis by night.
The wicked ways of modern days make us dancin' side by side !
On the road to infinity ............
Silicone .......
Your future is now !