[Intro]
Heads Up! Heads Up! Here's another one.. and a.. and a.. another one.

[Chorus]
Yeek-Yeek Woop-Woop Why you all in my ear? Talkin' a whole bunch a shit that I ain't tryin to hear.
Get Back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that.
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that!
Yeek-Yeek Woop-Woop I ain't playin' around.. Make one false move, I'll take you down.
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that.
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that!

[Verse 1]
So, so, come on, come on. DON'T get swung on, swung on. It's the knick-knack-patty-whack still riding cadillacs. Family
off the streets, made my homies put the baggies back. Whoo! Still stackin' plaques yep, still action-packed yep, and
dope.. I keep it flippin' like acrobats. That's why I pack a mack, that'll crack a back, cause on my waist, there's more
heat than the shaq-attack! But I ain't speakin' about ballin', jus' thinkin' about brawlin' 'til y'all start ballin'. We
all in together now, birds of a feather now, jus' bought a plane so we changin' the weather now. So put your brakes on,
cats put your capes on, and knock off your block, get dropped, and have your face blown. Cause I'll prove it, scratch off
the music, like hey little stupid, don't make me looose it!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I came I came, I saw I saw, I hit him right dead in the jaw in the jaw. [x4]

See I caught him with a right hook, caught him with a jab, caught him with an upper cut, kicked him in his ass. Sent him
on his way cause I ain't for that talk, and no trips to the county.. I ain't for that walk! We split like 2 pins at the
end of a lane, we'll knock out your spotlight and put end to your fame. Put a DTP pendant at the end of yo' chain, and put
the booty of a swish at the end of a flaamme.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Hey, you want WHAT with me?!
I'm gonna tell you one time,
don't FUCK with me!
Get down!
Cause I ain't got nothin' to lose,
and I'm havin a bad day,
don't make me take it out on you!
[x2]

Maann, cause I don't wanna do that. I wanna have a good time and enjoy my Jack.. sit back and watch the women get drunk
as hell, so I can wake up in the morning with a story to tell. I know it's been a little while since I've been out the
house, but now I'm here.. you wanna stand around runnin' yo' mouth? I can't hear nothing you sayin' or spittin', so what's
up? Don't you see we in the club?, man shut the fuck up!

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Ah! We in the red light district!
Ah! We in the red light district!
Whoo! We in the red light district!
Ah! We in the red light district!
Whoo! We in the red light district!
Whoo! The red light district!
Whoo! The red light district..
Ah! The red light district..