Chuva! Chuvinhao! Venho, venho, venho ca, rapaz!
Chuva! Chuvinhao! Venho, venho ca, rapaz!
This is not political it's just that I demand attention when I walk into a room
And it's not that I can't play ball hard it's just that I don't want to
And the more I think about this pressure love I don't want you
And I can't have you and that's what hurts the most
I cannot show you these things I boast
I'll throw my heart out, keep my head up, I cannot fuck up cuz
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only cause you pain, yeah I promise that
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only bring on the rain
So I'll prefer to run this road rough around the edges 
Good for something but too good to give it to you 
You run your own course at your own pace but I just got impatient 
See, I wanted to explore 
Forsake you, forsook you, abate you, dissipate you 
So turn fate around, I believed that I was free of you not
I still believe in those days on benches at sunset or the waves in July or was it March
We weathered weathers and storms real and imagined, such fragile tenderness
You are truly blessed
I stress this as I blow you this kiss as I blow it in the wind, mmwa
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only cause you pain, yeah I promise that
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only bring on the rain
Chuva! Chuvinhao! Venho, venho ca, rapaz!
Gonna make u cry so damn hard you're gonna curse your drawers and wish you weren't a boy
Gonna make u cry so damn hard you'll curse your drawers and wish you weren't a boy, yeah
I will make u cry
I will make u cry
Boohoo

They say time is made of memories
Well I remembered and I'm tired
This is not political
It's just that I remember the fire
Babe you left me with my head held high and I feigned to be more than I was, didn't I
I thought I could do without sugar love but this chocolate has turned into sweet bubble gum
Candy is sweet but honey is sweeter
It tastes like the real thing but candy is much much cheaper Cheaper
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only cause you pain, yeah I promise that
I got what you need boy baby I do but I will only bring on the rain
rain a'fallin' down, rain a'fallin' down, hahahaha
rain a'fallin' down, rain a'fallin' down, hahahaha
rain a'fallin' down, rain a'fallin' down, hahahaha
...time crying...you'll be crying... I'm sorry I made you cry... 
I didn't mean to, let me wipe those tears away...wipe those tears away
...don't cry 
baby...it's only rain