*       This song has two parts:
        A. ";The cutting edge of hardcore rap; the most innovative stuff 
            for 1993"; -- gangsta parody following the ";Classroom"; skit
        B. Paula Perry introduces the _real_ Slaughtahouse
Part A:
Yeah... yeah... yeah...
This is MC Negro
  And this is this Ign-ant MC
And this is our new motherfucking single
OUR NEW SHIT
Slaughtahouse
  This shit is called Slaughtahouse
Negro!  Coming off our last platinum LP
  Platinum LP
_Shit's Real Killin' Motherfuckers Dead_
  Killin em dead
And this is how we gonna rock shit for the nine-tray
Verse One: MC Negro
Here come the craziest niggaz on earth
Cutthroats, ever since birth
Blood and guts are gonna spill
Cuz it's murder murder murder, and kill kill kill
Chainsaw in my holster
Barb-wire rope, and I'll hang ya like a poster
So when I grab my axe you better drop
Cause I'm ";swing swing swing, and chop chop chop"; in the Slaughtahouse
Yeah, yo Ign-ant MC
  Whassup?
Show these niggaz what the dress code is
  Aight
Verse Two: Ign-ant MC
Strictly Raiders and Kings gear
Only wear black and I don't know how to act
no more... so come and take a chance and
Mess around with the black Charles Manson
Body parts in the freezer
I'm not Jeffrey Dahmer but I'll slaughta ya momma
So open up the do'
To the Slaughtahouse, so I can kill a little mo'
Outro:
Yeahhh, motherfucker
  Yeah!
This is MC Negro
  And this the Ign-ant MC
  And this shit is real over here, motherfucker, real real
This is the brand new LP, it's called _Brains on the Sidewalk_
  Brains on the sidewalk!
And all we wanna do now
Is murder murder murder, kill kill kill
Part B: Paula Perry, Masta Ase
One two, one two
This is Paula Perry and it's a brand new year
Time for the weak-ass, wack-ass
No-skills, negative, anti-everything
MC's to get shut down
They're gettin Slaughta'd!
[Lord Digga] Death to the wack MC's --> repeat 4X
Welcome to the Slaughtahouse!
Too many suckas, too many wack records gettin played
Too much money bein made, it's time for the wack to get slayed
Take these suckas to war Ase, take em to war!
It's the jeep ass niguh, it's the jeep ass niguh
Whatcha know about the jeep ass niguh
It's the jeep ass niguh, it's the jeep ass niguh
Here we go, with the jeep ass niguh Welcome to the Slaughtahouse!
Never hear me talking ";I could kill a man!!";
Started making records but I'm still a fan
I'll take you down, I break your crown
I make you frown, I wake the town
Tick, check it out tock I rock your whole block
Got the funk dialect in stock
With the boom, bashin, bass drum is smashin
and crashin your bedroom walls, and monster mashin
Dashin, man with the kick, that be flying
Kids don't be trying, this trick cause I'm scien-
-tifical, ninety-nine rappers wanna kill
to sound ill, you couldn't find their brains with a drill
Check it...
*sound of a drill*
[What a funny little house!]
Welcome to the Slaughtahouse!
Welcome to my Slaughtahouse, it's like a playpen
Welcome to my Slaughtahouse, there's no escapin
This is the place where freestyling skills
are sharp like axes, and suckas get the chills
Drum is the cash, like the rash you'll be itchin
for the green and, everybody's talking like they're mean and
crazy, oh baby, you're ready, for this yo
Make me, a poster, holdin, a pistol
Then I can be the man
I can be the man
Cause they see me with the gun in my hand
I, am not, down with the standard
The man did, not do, what every other man did
Candid, just like the man Allen Funts
And there's nothing worse than, a rapper when he fronts
So throw your hands up in the air
If you really don't care
about the next man's life, you get the chair
In the Slaughtahouse
[The price a rapper must pay]
Outro:
Whassup kid you hear that new album _Brains on the Sidewalk_?
  Yeah it's FAT right?
Yeah I like that part
MURDER MURDER MURDER, and KILL KILL KILL
  Yaknow that's what it's all about
Yeah I'm gonna be just like that when I grow up
  You think I ain't?
[Lord Digga]
This is a brand new year for motherfucker's heads to start burstin
Masta Ase, Incorporated
Ase, Lord Digga, Shiloh, Eyceurok, the Brooklynites
And the Floor Builder
Watch your back black man
Your biggest enemy's in the mirror
Long is the road to freedom from self-destruction
The Slaughtahouse, breeds death
Death to the *faggot-ass* average wack MC's
And death of the original man, turned killer man