You got a minute for your son, Father
I need to talk I'm so tired of trying to run, Father
Let's take a walk I'm so sorry for whut I've done, Father
It ain't my fault The devil's been on my back lately He's like a hawk
You never give us more than we can handle But it's gettin hard
And I'm a strong individual But i need you, God
A lot of things that I used to I don't wanna
Runnin tha streets like i used ta
I know i'm gonna speak the word for you one day
Up in the light -- Halleluiah!! -- on Sunday
I thank you Lord for the blessings that you gave me
And for my life the blessings taht you have saved me
and for my wife
you have carried me 'nuff times and that's the truth
carried me through the rough times throughout my youth
and through it that i saw you was still wit me
i was that one lost sheep and you was comin to get me

[chorus]
lord, you got me like..... your luv got me like....
lord, you got me like.... your luv got me like....
lord, you got me like.... your luv got me like....
lord, you got me like.... your luv GOT ME LIKE....

i'm lookin at life a lil' different now since you hugged me
and i always luved my people but now they luv me
thank you for the luv, Lord, we praise ya
Jacob, ascendents, from africa to asia
bleeding the blood of Christ over our life
Wrong or right just help us make it through the night
And we'll shout your name in times of need
and times of joy and when we bleed
and when we are overcome with grief
you don't have to tell me twice; i'ma take heed
and because of whut you've given me, i know you'll deliver me
and i won't drown no matter how deep the river be
you are the strength i never knew i had 
kept my heart true when they told me you was bad
all praises due to you that's why i had to dedicate sumthin new to ya
thank you lord

[chorus]

Uhhh i never knew a luv like this before
messin with the Thug Life, i missed it all
open up the doors and let me in 
i'm done wit the cards so let's begin
prayers that you give to me, i give to them
life is a blessing now you got me smiling
from inside of my heart when inside it was dark
and it doesn't rain any more only sunshine
no pain anymore.... i really luv mine
you wash away the tears with the fears
i'm happier than i've ever been in my life, in thirty years
you know that
one day i'll speak the word
you know that!
when i do, i will be hear
you know that!
you have me a permanenet smile
and you know this, Father, cuz i'm ur child!!