feat. Faith Evans

i know that my saviour lives and at the end he will stand on this earth
my flesh may be destroyed but from this body i will see god
yes i will see him for myself and i long for that moment....
gran'ma, i really miss you and it ain't been the same
i drop a tear when i hear ur name
mary ella holloway why you gotta be so far away
you used to say "Don't worry, it's gone be ok" 
But it ain't. It's like, when you left, you took the Lord wit you
why could not i come when he came to get you
damn, i really miss you i had to say it again
i remember the time when i was like, ten
and crept up in the neighbor's yard, yeah, bein hardheaded
you told me that i would get it, you said it! and boy did i get it!
but after you spanked me, you hugged me 
kissed me on my forehead and told me that you loved me
and swore that it hurt you more than it hurt me
i thought how bad could this hurt be
i know now that's why i'm dead outta luv
whut i wouldn't give for one more hug
from gran'ma

[chorus sung by Faith Evans]
"Baby, it's gone be Ok"
She usta tell me that....
"Baby, it's gone be Ok"
I really miss Gran'ma

but i'm about to say a couple of family members gone hate me
but i'm gonna let you know whut's been goin on lately
you know since you left a lot of things bout your kids done changed
yah jackie's still crazy and i don't know what's up with james
ain't seen jerry in a while, you know he walks like you
and rene's back in jail, you know she talk like you
but Q is doin real good now, she workin'
rhonda's still runnin around, trickin, jerkin'
bogat buggin', he gone lost his mind
and jamar back outta jail, doin' fine
and collie he gone changed it's not all about hisself
and my father.... well.... that's sumthin else....
and butt he's my dogg he done owe his grandma ground
my great gran'ma makin a lout of trips outta town
but that's a good thing, if only i could hear you say once more
Oh Lord

[chorus]

you left behind a mother, eleven kids and eleven grand kids
and since then two of your grand kids then had kids
i had a boy named Tacoma, Xavieur Gerb
That's right... it was Xavieur that made you a great grandmother
uhhh i thank you for the best times of my life
i thank you for when you first met her, accepted, and luvvin my wife
i thank you for those Sunday dinners, they were aiight
i thank you for my life WHUT! i thank you for my bible UHH!
i thank you for the song that you sang in the morning "AMAZING GRACE" 
up in the garden
i thank you for the two beatings that you gave me
cuz i know somewhere along the line, those two beatins saved me
when you died, i cried like a baby AHH!
i begged the lord to take me UHHH
cuz no-one else could give me whut u gave me
and like when everything comes to an end
i pray that i go to heaven to see you again
amen

[chorus]

amazing grace
how sweet thy sound
that saved a wretch like me...
i once was lost
but now am found
was blind
but now i see, yeah