Thursday, June 28, 2:02 A.M
I just called you, you said that you were on your way 
but there's just one problem... I'm all the
way to fucking Rochester, New York.  Wrong. Ho.

Doggs gone be doggs don't fuck wit a dogg 
if you can't take care of a dogg you know whut i say
take it easy, lady, you know give me a motherfuckin break, will ya

shorty was da bomb brown skin honey with the dough 
found out she was a lil' ho but still yo
pushed up shorty had that ass like BLAOW!!!!
had me schemin and how! How can i get that now
was like Girlfriend, let me drop a bug in ur ear
she didn't mind cuz i told her whut she wanted to hear
was like Yeah! she knew she was how it was goin down
she said, Page me, code zero, cuz i know you get around!
Didn't even have a man, but even if she did then
cuz my game is tight like i stop to cap on a nigga head
i said, woke up, like, 9, or sumthin
don't act like when i say that ass is mine, i'm frontin!
Uhhh that night she let me get that, hit that
ripped that, bounced off the walls and flipped that
But only one thing went wrong 
the rubber bust but i didn't fuss cuz dogg!!!!
shorty was da bomb!

[chorus]
Shortyyyy.... UHHHH!! we only did it full that night 
and man the pussy was good
but shorty's fuckin up my life fuckin up my life
Shortyyyy.... UHHHH!! we only did it full that night
but man that pussy was good
but shorty's fuckin up my life.... c'mon, ma! gimme a break!

a few days later, i hit her up just to be real
I like, Whuttup, Boo, how you been, how you feel
She said, Aiight, but my friend's kinda late
Today's the thirteenth, it shoulda been here on the eighth
I'm like, For real  Well stress a pill 
You better cuz i can't afford another lil' one.
She said, Neither can I  I said, Cool 
cuz i got mad shit to do and you still in school
so at least we got the same thing in mind. 
If didn't have this kid, then everything woulda been fine
BUT i was blind! for the fact that she was settin me up for the kill
damn! why wasn't she on The Pill!
And i still check up on her, like, once a week
sometimes i hit it, sometimes i didn't
but Shorty was a frea, and whenever i would speak
on the baby, she'd be like:
"I ain't havin this kid, is you crazy!!"

Shortyyyy.... UHHHH!!  we only did it full that night 
listen man, only one muthafuckin night!
And man the pussy was good i ain't gone front it was good as a muthafucka
But Shorty's fuckin up my life man, this bitch is a fuckin headache!
Shortyyyy.... UHHHH!! we only did it full that night one muthafuckin night, 
it was nuthin but
trouble
But Man the pussy was good The pussy!! Man, let me tell ya....
But Shorty's fuckin up my life dogg, man, this bitch....! 
C'mon Ma, gimme a break!!

By now wasn't lookin too good
cuz she wasn't doin things that she told me she would
like gettin the price checked out for whut we had to do 
and it goes up in the arguements after two
and a half, man i had to laugh at her frustrations
now she's four months ready to hit the bus station
if i was still in that shit wit her made me rob her
told her friends, DMX is my baby's father! 
Lil' stomache was showin' so now the heat is on
well maybe we'll see the light if i start to treat her wrong
i guess she thought that if she keeped the baby, she would keep me
got the game on high level, gettin sneaky
had the kid she said it was premature
found out she was six months when she said she was four
so i left her with the pressure on the next man's arm
she'll be aiight cuz shorty was da bomb!

Shortyyyy.... UHHHH!! we only did it full that night 
man one muthafuckin night Get real!
and man the pussy was good the pussy it ate the dick up like THAT!
but shorty's fuckin up my life This bitch won't quit CALLIN'!!!!
Shorty..... UHHHH!! she was kinda cute though we only did it full that night 
it only takes one night, man, hehehehe
but man that pussy was good Mmm Mmmm Mmm!!!!
But Shorty's fuckin up my life C'mon, Ma! Gimme a break!!