13th day of August '54 I was five years old
Depending where you're counting from
Ma didn't tell me what was going abroad
No tales of things to come
Daddy, daddy come home in the evening with the burdens of the day
Pat Boone might come along and take Daddy's blues away
Ma might take Daddy's head into her hands
Soothe awhile, soothe awhile, touch the boy inside the man
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such a long, long way From the street
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such a long, long way From the street
No, no, no Miss Debbie Reynolds promised someone out there always to obey
Sugar, sugar, white, clean and neat
And there was no one better qualified to cry awhile, cry awhile
Not quite like Mr Johnny Ray
Mmm Sugar, sugar, white, clean and neat
Sugar, sugar, white, clean and neat
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such a long, long way From the street
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such, it's such, it's such a long, long, long, long way
I said it's such a long way From the street
[If you like the blues I think we can ...
Home life, wife and children, a community life centred around the church,
things on which ... basis ... Baby, don't you want me no more?
.... .. teenagers find an idol, they usually emulate what they know of his habits.
Bring it on home, Daddy!]
Don't you want me no more? Talk to me Oh, yeah
Down at the juke joint, back at the drive-in movie show
Moondog made one more white boy sanctified
Out on the streets, the red hot streets, old heroes fell
And I screamed my name with pride
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such, it's such, it's such a long way, it's such a long way
It's such a long, long way From the street
Beneath her skirts, between the clean, white sheets
It's such, it's such, it's such a long, long, long, long way From the street Ooh, let's go
[Singer, Johnny Ray. Trademark, a ...]
Hey, baby [Listen to Ray .. . His long string of best selling records.
Watch this human stick of dynamite reduce himself and the audience to limp rags,
in a pulsating, motion packed, jazz laden half hour. How high can you get?]
Don't you want me baby?
[Cool, crazy and superb, sincerely yours ... They're married to stay, ...
Debbie Reynolds film star Eddie Fisher disks, that's how it's bin'.
Now Debbie has scaled the hit parade ... with a song in the top 10.]
Don't you want me no more? [.. turning out a film.
Bring it on home, Daddy!] Little girl, little girl, little girl
Baby, baby, since I've been loving you Ha,
I'm about to lose [Bring it on home, Daddy]
I'm about to lose [You make me want to jump and shout, baby.]