Ras Kass:
You want to talk to God? God never sleeps.

Chorus
Ras Kass: Now what came first, the chicken or the egg?
God: Armageddon.
Ras Kass: A arm a leg a leg a arm a head.
Headin in your direction.
The riddle was the answer to the question.
Born of the flesh, what is perfection

Ras Kass:
Inside my mother's womb,doomed to return to the tomb.
Or was it from the dead I was raised?
All too soon to pay, on judgement day,
Is this beginning or the ending,
Died sinning, still winning, still grinning.
This ending, verdict still pending, born pretending,
Three-hundred billion men, women, and children.
Deja vu, could be I'm dreaming,
But we all ask for divine reason,
While still breathing, and until leaving.
Who?, What?, When? Where?, How?
But most of all why?

God:
Why what?

Ras Kass:
Do we live just to die?

God:
The Book of Haden.
Way before the after God pitting heads.
No God for me, mathematically, in division.
My decision was all inventions.
I need not mention infinite dementions.
But the human mind's flaw was limited comprehension.
So while you try to travle to Mars and the stars,
The God manifests through the entire universe.
>From the Sun, Moon, the Earth.
I created man in my image and the black man was first.
The scientific explanation, yea I made man out of dirt.

Ras Kass:
But how can a man be first, when its the woman that's giving birth?

God:
Listen, single-celled organisms.
The homosapien, the albanein

Ras Kass:
What's that?

God:
White people.

Ras Kass:
They keep the world seperate and unequal.

God:
The teach you, right is wrong, wrong is right.
Up is down.
Teaches King Arthur's throne, is the planets that are round

Ras Kass:
Can we really time travel, and is there life in outer space?

God:
Wait, you knew all this in the first place.
You tryin to get to God.

Ras Kass:
But, I've fallen from your grace.
A billion paths to take, but which one is truly straight?

Chorus

Ras Kass:
Can you walk across water or rise from the dead?
I heard he said he lived, and the son of man bled.

God:
Its a process, shit dont just happen, I create it.
Everything you see, and shit you dont, son I made it, and waited.
I'm the big bang theory and evolution.
Been there, done that, from revolution to prostitution.
The first and final solution.
The quaran, bible, and vedas, is only tools,
dont be confused when the medula oblagada do

Ras Kass:
Oh, so revelations is Genesis.

God:
Three-sixty degrees are limitless.

Satan:
Shit, my motherfuckin nemesis.

Ras Kass:
Who is you?

Satan:
Son, I thought you knew.
Who else? Lucifer, the lie bearer stupid, the devil himself.
He the creator, we all the creations, guess i'm eternal damnation.
Got you bitches seaking your own salvation.
Who taught you how to pray?
You read it in the book, look, your bear witness to Amen Ray.
Every day when you say Amen, and then turn around and preach worshipin false
Gods,
Is an unforgettable sin.
Yea the good book is like comic books,
You take 'em too literal,
I tricked you in to believin' the power to reason,
Makes you able to live infinitely, in the physical.
Guess I'm the pawn com lyrical.
Basically I tell true lies in general, the yin and the yang
The player with a trillion years of game.

God:
He got you sellin your spiritual, for power, monery, and fame,
I came out of tripple stage darkness, gave mortals my attributes.
But even you may be a mystery God like the lockhead,
A used sign to prove or disprove my existence.
Tryin to align this, artificial intelligence, cloned in a space station,
Tryin to build the tower of babylon.
But you savages stake me, when I start erasin homosapiens.
You lookin for an angel with wings,
I'm 'a bring young niggas with a ak, fuck a alien.

Ras Kass:
So what you sayin is, you the one that created sin.

God:
What you call mother nature, was the nature of me.
What you call evil, ultimately, was the force inside of me.
Matter cant be created or destroyed it just changes shape.
One God, many people, and many faith.
And this is how I wanted to do 'em.

Ras Kass:
Wait, wait, hold up.
Father tell me, who is God's son?

ChorusX2>

God:
I be the Jesus to your Buddah, the Chrishna at your Junah,
The big kahauna, Jehova Witnesses, suede pumas.
Zuese, Pharoah, Elohim, Saturn, Yaweh Jiah,
Arastifa Rah, Allah, the most powerful.
But then, only Adam and I.
I'm the oceans, the trees, a bumble bee, and a glock.
Earthquakes, how much money you ever take.
The reason behind every mistake mankind continually makes.

Ras Kass:
Did God create man, or did man need to create God?

Satan:
The answer is both, cause how mortals look at God is odd.

God:
You try to customize me to be comfortable.
For what you want to do, and how you choose to act.
The Roman Christians will tell you God aint black.
But to get something from nothing is physically impossible, thats a fact.

Satan:
Black is the combination of all colors

Ras Kass:
White is the lack thereof.


God:
Darkness is beneath the ground, and in the skies up above.
The clue, is that the true illumination is me, not illuminati.
Cause I alone discriminate,
Any who be believing they can rationalize our out reason me.
Who created your creature, sutdent can never be greater than the teacher.
Wether its Adam and Eve, or atomic chemistry.
I'm the one true source of all energy.
Who will evantually destroy every enemy when I see fit.
I cant blaspheme my own name so when Goddamnit, so be it.

Satan:
Thats called the wrath of God, but we gotta deal, I can chill
Fuck up the whole world, and in the end, 
He'll still fulfill his plan, to return man to his original position.
Nigga gave me some hooks, and said I gets to go fishin.

God:
 I gave man doiminion over the Earth, to master the wealth.
But most of my children dont have dominion over theyself.

Satan:
Thats where I come in.
Call it original sin.
Well, who really gives a flying fuck?
I taught you how to blood suck, and ultimately self destruct.

God:
Know the ledge, wise the dome, do the data.
I'm the alpha.

Satan:
I'm the beta.

Ras Kass:
And I'm omega.
To be or not to be was man's question since conception.
I think that for our end, was man's preception.
But the birth is the ressurection.
The son of God, or God's son, that lights our entire spectrum.
You got everlasting life, long as you got day and night.
Illumination, not education, to bring the blind sight.
And what you need to know is that you'll never know it all.
I'm a lowercase g, son of the ever-living God.