April 26th, 1992 
There was a riot on the streets 
Tell me where were you 
You were sittin' home watchin' your TV 
While I was participating in some anarchy 
First spot we hit it was the liquor store 
I finally got all that alcohol I can't afford 
With red lights flashin', time to retire 
And then we turned that liquor store into a structure fire 
Next stop we hit, it was the music shop, 
It only took one brick to make the window drop 
Finally we got our own P.A. 
Where do you think I got this guitar that you're hearing today 
Cuz' as long as I'm alive, I'ma live ill B 
When we returned to the pad to unload everything 
It dawned on me that I need new home furnishings 
So once again we filled the van until it was full 
Since that day my livin' room's been much more comfortable 
Cause everybody in the hood has had it up to here 
It's getting harder, and harder, and harder each and every year 
Some kids went in a store with their mother 
I saw her when she came out she was gettin' some Pampers 
They said it was for the black man 
They said it was for the mexican 
But not for the white man 
But if you look at the streets, it wasn't about Rodney King 
It's this fucked-up situation and these fucked-up police 
It's about comin' up and stayin' on top 
And became 187 on a mother fuckin' cop 
It's ain't in the paper, it's on the wall 
National guard 
Smoke from all around 


[Any unit, any unit...] 
Homicide, never doing no time 


Give me my share, my share. 
Gimme my share, I want it. 
Gimme my share, I need it now, I need it now. 
My share. 
A wicked one who doesn't wanna see me go. 
Just gimme my share, I want it. Gimme my share. 
But you don't want to give it to me, 
you don't wanna see me go. 
Gimme my share, I want it, Gimme my share. 
But there is a wicked one. 


[Units be advised of an attempt 211 to arrest now at 938 Temple, 9-3-8 
Temple, many subjects with bats trying to get inside the CB's 
house...they're trying to kill him] 


Let it burn 
Wanna let it burn, wanna let it burn 
Wanna wanna let it burn 
I feel insane 
Riots on the streets if Miami 
Whoa, riots on the streets of Chicago 
On the streets of Long Beach 
In San Francisco 
Riots on the streets of Kansas City 
Tuskaloosa, Alabama 
Cleveland, Ohio 
Fountainberry, Paramount, Vista Buelle 
Eugene, Oregon 
Eureka, California 
Hesperia 
Santa Barbara 
Winnemucca, Nevada 
San Diego 
Lakewood, Florida 
fuckin' 29 Palms 


[Need a unit to... structure fire and numerous subjects looting] 
[10-15 to get rid of this looter]