Original by Ice Cube

Yo Chuck! We got running mixes.... in the headphones
Ah ha ha ha ha!

Wicked!

Ha Ha! 1 2 3 and I come with the wicked style, and you know
that I'm from the wicked crew, you act like you knew, but I got everybody
jumping to the voodoo. You kickin' wicked rhymes, picket signs, me and
my mob got a truck full of 9's. Drop then I'll slay ya, bang, bang, birthday
for the a-hole

Ready to buck, buck, buck, but it's a must to duck, duck, duck,
before I bust ya, looking for the one that did it. You want my vote, no
your never gonna get it, cause I'm the one with the phat mad skills, and
I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills. Sittin' at the pad just chillin',
Larry Parker just got 2 million, oh what a fucking feeling! That nigger
done past me the pill, and I slam dunk it like Shaquille O'Neal.
Wicked, wreckin' baby I'll rock that test tube baby, take it...

'Cause I get Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
But now I'm in your face, so you'll keep on your fire

Don't say nothing just listen, got me a plan to break Tyson
out of prison. You going my way you get served, still got a deuce then
I bunny hop the curb. Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin, never seen with
a happy grin, going flat frown cause I'm down, so take a look around, all
you see is big black boots steppin', use my steel toe as a weapon. And
it's awfully quiet you want to live with this nigger, to with the stick.
Ah, but that's nasty, 'cause I got a body count like Ice-T. From in New
York I get them skins, and I ain't talking about pork. Your sly, you pig,
dig, listen from the flow from a soul fro'ed caucasian, oh, your picket
signs, you know all this funky ass wisdom picket budget talking.

'Cause I get Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
But now I'm in your face, so you'll keep on your fire

People wanna know how come I got a Gat and I'm sitting at
the window like Malcolm. Ready to bring that noise and going to get heavy
like the Ghetto Boyz. December 29th was power to the people, you might
just see a sequel, 'cause police got equal pay, a horse is a pig that don't
fly straight. I'm doin Daryl Gates but it's Willie Willams, I'm down with
the pilgrims, I'm through with the pig, so I think the job is dead, get
out...

'Cause I get Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
Yes I Wicked! I told them not to keep on their fire
But now I'm in your face, so you'll keep on your fire