Forever Love
Now here we are, The two of us,
And nothing's gonna come between us again.
Forever love, I feel you're with me,
Youre the sun that chases away the rain. Oh....
I cherish all the love you bring,
It's here forever and a day,
I love you more than anything,
I can't throw that away. My Love.....
There's nowhere, Baby unless you're there,
I could never let you down.
By the way, I have wanted to say,
I will always be around, Forever love.. Oh.. Forever Love, baby oh...
Inside my heart, You'll never die,
You understand the man that hides deep inside.
So come to me, So come to me
I need you dearly,  I need you dearly
I'll never give you reason to say good-bye... never say good-bye
There were times I made you cry,
And times I wasn't there for you,
But for our love I'd even die, for our Love
For you I'm gonna stay.
There's nowhere baby unless you're there, 
I could never let you down..
By the way,  By the way...
I have wanted to say, ya-ha...
I will always be around, ya...Forever love..  I need you baby
You know, girl being with you is like the meaning of my life,
You give me so much happiness,
Just to see you smile gives me the strength to go on.
I cherish all the moments we spend together,
The laughter, The tears, there all so special to me
I guess what I'm really trying to say is, That I love you..
I cherish all the love and rain you bring,
I know its falling...
I love you more than anything,
I cant throw that away... that away....Ohh...
There's nowhere, Baby unless youre there,
I could never let you down..  Ill never let you down
By the way, I have wanted to say,  all I wanna do is...
I will always be around..
there's nowhere, Baby unless you're there, oh no, no, no,
I could never let you down..
You know if you want me you got me..
If you need me I'll be there..
I will always be around..
I'll always be around girl,  be around
I'll never let you down,  be around
You know I will..
For the memory of you,
For all the times we shared together,
For all we've been through,
Forever Love..