[2Pac] 

See half the time we fought, 
cause trouble, my closest row dog, 
it was cool cause I love you, 
fuck what they talking 'bout... 
let me take you back in time, 
rewind to '89, 
introduce me to this life of crime, 
but we was blind... 
little nappy head juviniles, 
livin' wild, no smile on our faces, 
13 catchin' cases... 
indeed it was misery driven by my own demons, 
cause they was killin' me... 
how can I be sure I'll be stay tuned, 
catch me trippin' to the light of the straight moon, 
let's keep it deeper now, let me get yo mind right, 
fuck yo enemies, nigga grip yo .9 tight, tonight's the night... 
murder-murder Mr. Lucifer, pictures of the Devil, 
duck when he shoot at cha, it's all political... 
running from the future, escaping in the fog, 
live yo life like hog nigga, me and my closest row dog... 

[Chours] 

[2Pac] 

My minds in jeapordy, my thoughts in pass, 
I know I'll die soon, so there's no need to ask, 
how will me homeboys remember me, 
bury me a G, casket full of Hennessy, 
we Thug Life niggas... 
watch for the second coming, 
cause I can see the sun, 
automatic gunfire makin' all them niggas run... 
run from the future, escapings from the for, 
livin' life like a hog nigga, me and my closest row dog... 

[Musolini Syke] 

Fuses in dark, 
since little locs in the park, 
we kept it tight, 
searching for light, 
but none in sight... 
I know God see a nigga in this turmoil suspence, 
trapped in this gutter residence, 
I convinced... 
we comence to mash, 
get the cash is all we wanted, 
with the desire expired, 
cause every hood is haunted... 
by killers and jackers, tryin' to make it as a street hog, 
bustin' out a coupe in the smog, just me and my row dog... 

[Chours] 

[Musolini Syke] 

Everything we did as kids was for the curse, 
tryin' to make it work, and my womens gettin' her feelings hurt... 
see that's my row dog, and you my row pup baby, 
not liking him and sweatin' me is makin' shit crazy... 
hazy days with intentional ways, don't make me choose, 
military days escalates, so you know you lose... 
my crew, we do kious, drivin' through county, 
disappear off the earth, only my row dog could find me... 
always on the side of me, and danger parleyin' on better days, 
choose the hope to stay down forever to our dyin' dayz... 
I pray to yall way everynight to leave this white across, 
whoever go first, don't let the other get lost... 
Playa Boss, is what we call ourselves soon as we got to chase our wealth, 
now we sound like niggas with a bigger arsenal on our shelf... 
train this group of G's, Death Before Dishonor, 
shakin' fleas, fuck with these you a goner... 
my age partner, on my side do we ride, 
we secrenize formation, makin' hits, pullin' licks, 
building our reputation... 
in the hood, from a tiny to a G hog, 
nothing comes close nigga, then me and my row dog... 

[Chours]