[2Pac] 

If I could recelect before my hood dayz 
I would sit in bliss and reminis on the good dayz. 
i stop and stare at the younger, my heart goes to'em 
they stressed and goin under. 
we never really went through that 
cause we was born ???? 
today things change,its a shame 
they blame it on the youth cause the truth look strange 
for them its worse, we come from a world thats cursed 
and it hurts. 
cause any day theyll push the button. 
and yall condemned like malcom x and uncle bob 
they died for nothin. 
make the people teary, the world looks dreary 
but when you wipe your eyes you see it clearley. 
theres no need for you to fear me. 
if you take the time to hear me, maybe you can learn to cheer me. 
it aint about black or white, both doin 
i hope you see the light before its ruiend 
my ghetto gospel 

[Chorus] x 3 

it ok, its ok, its ok 
my ghetto gospel 

[2Pac] 

Tell me do you see that old lady she aint sad 
living out a bag, in rags, loving the things she has 
over there see that lady, the cracks got her crazy. 
and shes gonna give birth to a baby? 
i shouldnt let it fade me. we out of the projects 
jumped into another form of slavery. 
and even now i get discouraged. 
i wonder if its tooken all back will i still keep the courage. 
i refuse to be a role modle. 
i keep control on the hoes and take out my old bottle. 
i make mistakes, i learn from everyone. 
and when its said and done, ill be called a better one. 
if i strecth you dont stretch. 
never forget, god is gonna finish with me yet. 
i feel his hands on my brain. 
when i write ryhmes, i go blind, and let the lord do this thing. 
but am i any less holy, 
i choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies 
and then world peace, we tried and failed 
now theres war in the streets 
my ghetto gospel. 

[Chorus] x 3 

[2Pac] 

I remember grandmas hands use to hold me 
mold me, i never forget the things she told me 
brothas a butt, and played the big shot 
but you know grannys are the only other thing lil ghetto kids got. 
moms work, and pops burried. 
drop me off at grannys, left without a heart cause shes worried 
and ghetto grannys are like books. 
we got some many crooks, so many grannys gettin shook. 
and gettin trapped in a nursing home. 
times is hard, and even worse alone 
and how could you be so cold, 
youll get your turn, as soon as you turn old. 
all they ask of every person, 
is for a brotha to figure whats on his mind when hes cursin. 
9 out of 10 youll find them problems. 
time to take listen and see what you can do to solve them. 
cause every body needs a little help 
on the way of relieng on ones self. 
and think about it, why 2pac hit you with a little ghetto gospel 
my ghetto gospel. 

[Chorus] x 3 

[2Pac] 

I wake up stone cold gangsta main 
see ya gave me ghetto gospel, i thank you main 
use to roll in the back and do drugs a lot. 
now im bangin the tracks, slangin ryhmes i got. 
in this world of greed tryin to succeed on my beliefs. 
now i lay me down to sleep, lord can you hear me speak. 
can you forgive me for my sins 
if i had it all to do again, id still play to win 
i hope the lord can understand me. 
a mans gotta do what he can for his family. 
and pay the price of being hellbound. 
but i ratha see hell later than see hell now. 
and the devil aint got nothin on the president. 
cut back and keep us strapped in our residence. 
and be like animals in cages. 
we can rant and rave about slavery for ages. 
or we can stop makin awful 
and hitem with a lil ghetto gospel 
my ghetto gospel. 

[Chorus] x 4