[Chours] 

Snoop Dogg Now tell me do you see, 
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a 'G' 

[2Pac] 

Travel thru my mind, am I blind it's a shame, 
young niggas gettin' murdered, straight tooked out the game... 
as I sit here, puffin' on a cigarette, 
gotta be ready, you never know whos plottin' on a nigga death... 
these are the rough times, 
fist to hurry up and duck muthafucka, I'm for I buck mine... 
it's gettin crazy and everybody strapped, 
sorounded my niggas, but nale muthafucka down to watch my back... [why?] 
these are the bitch made niggas, 
you been played nigga while you starvin' and broke they pullin' 6 figures... 
hooo, what can you do?.. 
when you can't trust yo crew, 
time to bust out the .22 [Booyah!]... 
ran out of weed, 
so I'm sippin' on this Hennessy tell me do you feel me [hay]... 
hand over more, 
as I take another sip of my liqour and split my sick thoughts, hoo... 

[Chours] 

[2Pac] 

Thuggin' to the fullest, got my strap, I'm a pull it, 
on the first muthafucka that can out run a bullet... 
it's them Thug Life niggaz, and we don't like tricks, 
got these punk wannabes and they duckin' like bitches... 
now my riches is gettin' hoes on his own, fuck the mystery, 
do you wanna get with me?.. 
then let's bone... 
time to take ya to my hide out, 
cause I'm smokin' that spinich, 
I'm stayin strong to the finish and then I ride out... 
see ya on the freeway, 
sorry baby but I gotta call my homie see what he say... 
I ain't got no time, 
I gotta get mine, 
I keep my mind on my loot, I'll shoot everytime... 
and ain't no way I'm a let a bitch made nigga worry me, 
catch me slippin, and feed the clip and bury me... 
hell naw nigga have to plug ya twice, 
ain't no simpin' when you Thug 4 Life, 
muthafucka can you see... 

[Chours] 

[2Pac] 

Never bow down, let these other bitches crawl, 
I'm a Thug muthfucka, and these Thugs only ball... 
ain't no half steppin' here, from the cradle to the grave, 
I'm a muthafuckin' fool, but I choose to get paid... 
now my pockets gettin'empty, and I'm panic and I'm frighten, 
me and my bitch name Nina, a feen in the night... 
ain't nobody livin' safe, got a plot, and I'm stressin', 
all I want is my muthafuckin' money, ain't no questions... 
don't try to stall on a trick, cause he hit, 
so bring in the scissors and get to clippin' at his dick... 
I rather die then die old and broke, 
that's why I stay drunk and I constantly smoke... 
my memories as a youngster, hangin' with the homies, 
but now I'm doin' bad and them bitches don't know me... 
the playa haters can't fade me,[why] 
cause this is Thug Life nigga and we crazy, tell me do you see... 

[Chours] 

[2Pac] 

Constantly runnin' from danger, ain't no stranger to cop cars, 
gettin' arrested and tested wearin' a vest and don't drop my guards... 
my life is hectic, my homies send mail from jail, 
niggaz in hell got some horrible stories to tell... 
I'm catchin' cases and still tryin to stack a grip, 
the IRS is tryin to stress of a nigga shit... 
a young nigga never had a prayer to preveal, 
and all my peers doin' years locked up in jail... 
what can I do? stay strapped, get a bigger crew, 
and creep around with them Dogg Pound niggaz too... 
and now we rich, ain't no bitch that can touch us, 
and it's a trip how we clown when we fucks up... 
bust nuts, then I cut, that's my new thang, 
and muthafuckas gotta do thangs... hard on a nigga... 

[Chours]