Feat. 

[2Pac] 

I want some money, oriented initiated as a thug, 
feinin' for wicked adventures, Ambitionz as I was... 
picture a nigga on the verge of livin' insane, 
after my show for a chance to kick it and bang... 
now tell me if I'm wrong for saying fuck the world, 
got you creepin' in my songs... 
drinking til I earl, spending money til it's gone, 
it's the good life, baby niggas got it going on... 
now maybe if I died and came back, 
I wouldn't have to slang crack, 
addicted to the game, so obiously we came strapped... 
please forgive me for my wicked ways, fuck a bitch, 
Bad Boys niggas eat a dick a day bumpin' this... 
Lord have mercy, it's a slaughter, 
to wicked that my tracks is wetin' niggas like it's harder... 
I learned my lessons as a thug in these wicked ass hood fights, 
but I'm a baller now, I live the good life... 

[Chours] 

[Mussolini Syke] 

No one knows, what the future holds, but you... 
They say reach in yo heart and you will find yo mind, 
everyday in the streets, got my foresight blind... 
my after time is narrow, even down the barrel of a .4, 
just a nigga or a killer I don't know so... 
who makes the call when I fall a victim like the rest, 
slug in the chest, one in the dome, 
the natures who I'm gone... 
send me home, 
all alone in these cold streets, 
the desparation got's to take it, and I can't sleep... 
neck deep, strugglin' tryin' to survive, 
some wanna die and wanna stay alive... 
eyez on the prize, let me modify theses cold regions, 
I declair this truck and duck descion, give me the reason... 
why'd she change into a soft beat, 
after livin' so lost and it cost me... 
my soul out of control in the devils' world, 
me, my niggas and my girl, livin' the good life... 

[Chours] 

[Edi Ameng] 

It's impossible, cause it's slowly awakin', 
suddenly taken, 
the site of my kids and my lady... 
man there's no mistaken, 
I'm in a safe haven, this good life if you will if it fulfill from nats tree life, 
cause here I get this slick night... 
Bad Boys, faded, and all those who traded eliminated, 
dog I do believe we made it... 
and all lookers captavaded, surprised that are rise, 
didn't think that we could take it, we seen the paper and had to chase it... 
thugs from the bottom up, got 'em up, with all the jewels, ballers true, 
the niggas who you thought was you... 
while you livin' at soft, we Mobb, realisticly, forever pro and change, 
and picture me in the mist of all this stress and pain, 
the young nigga and I, holdin' the game, livin' that good life... 

[Chours]