Chorus: 2Pac

You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.

Verse One: 2Pac

Look here Miss Thang hate to salt your game.
But you's a money hungry woman and you need to change.
In tha locker room all the homies do is laugh.
High five's cuz anotha nigga played your ass.
It was said you were sleezy even easy.
Sleepin around for what you need.
See it's your thang and you can shake it how you wanna.
Give it up free or make your money on the corner.
But don't be bad and play the game get mad and change.
Then you wonda why these muthafuckas call your name.
Still lookin' for a way out and that's OK 
I can see you wanna stray there's a way out.
Keep your mind on your money enroll in school.
And as the years pass by you can show them fools.
But you ain't tryin' to hear me cuz your stuck.
You're headin' for the bathroom 'bout to get tossed up.
Still lookin' for a rich man you dug a ditch. 
Got your legs up tryin' to get rich.

I love you like a sista but you need to switch. 
And that's why they called U bitch I betcha.

Chorus

Verse Two: 2Pac

You leave your kids with your mama cuz your headin' for the club.
In a skin tight miniskirt lookin' for some love.
Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar.
Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car.
I guess he said he had a Lexus. 
What's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex.
I pass by can't hold back tears inside.
Cuz lord knows for years I tried.
And all the other people on my block hate your guts.
Then you wonda why they stare and call you slut.
It's like your mind don't understand.
You don't have to kill your dreams ploten' schemes on a man.
Keep your head up legs closed eyes open.
Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin'. 

I'm hearin' rumors so you need to switch. 
And niggas wouldn't call you bitch I betcha.

Chorus

Verse Three: 2Pac

I guess times gettin' hardeven harder for you.
Cuz hey now got a baby on the way now.
More money from the county and thanks to the welfare.
You're about to get your hair done.
Got a dinner date can't be late.
Trick or treat sweet thang got anotha trick to meet.
The way he did it. 
It was smooth.
Plottin' while he gamin' you.
So baby peep tha rules.
I shoulda seen it in the first case the worst case.
I shoulda never called you back in the first place.
I remember back in high school baby you was fast. 
Straight sex and barely move your ass.
But now things change.
Cuz you don't look the same.
Let the ghetto get the best of you baby that's a shame.
Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased and finally be in peace.
So where your niggas at now?
Cuz everybody left they stepped and left you on your own.

See I loved you like a sista but you died to quick.
And that's why we called U bitch I betcha.

Chorus

Outro: 2Pac

Dear Ms. Deloris Tucker keep stressin' me.
Fuckin' with a muthafucken mind.
I figured you wanted to know you know.
Why we call them hos bitches.
And maybe this might help you understand.
It ain't personal.
Strictly business baby.
Strictly business.

So If you wonder why we call U bitch.
You wonder why we call U bitch.
If you wonder why we call U bitch.
You wonder why we call U bitch.