It happened one day near December's end when two neighbors 
called on an old friend and they found his shop so meager and 
lean made gay with thousand bows of green and Conrad was 
sitting with faces shining when he suddenly stopped as he 
stitched a twine and he said ";Old friends, it dawned today 
as the cock was crowing the night away the Lord appeared in 
a dream to me and said ";I'm coming your guest to be."; 
So I've been busy with feet of stern strewing my shop with 
branches of fern. The table is spread and the kettle is shine. 
And over the rafters the holly is twine. Now I'll wait for my 
Lord to appear and listen closely so I will hear his step as 
he nears my humble place. And I'll open the door and look on His face.
	So his friends went home and left Conrad alone for this 
was the happiest day he had known. For long since his family had 
passed away and Conrad had spent many a sad Christmas Day. 
But he knew with the Lord as his Christmas Guest this Christmas 
would be the dearest and best.		
	So he listened with only joy in his heart and with 
every sound he would rise with a start and look for the 
Lord to be at his door. Like the vision he had had a few hours before. 
So he ran to the window after hearing a sound but all he could 
see on the snow covered ground was a shabby beggar whose shoes
were torn and all of his clothes were ragged and worn. 
	But Conrad was touched and he went to the door 
and he said ";You know your feet must be frozen and sore. 
I have some shoes in my shop for you and a coat that will 
keep you warmer too."; So with grateful heart the man went away 
but Conrad noticed the time of day and wondered what made the 
Lord so late and how much longer he'd have to wait.
	When he heard a knock he ran to the door but it was 
only a stranger once more. A bent old lady with a shawl of 
black with a bundle of kindling piled on her back. She asked 
for only a place to rest but that was reserved for Conrad's 
great guest. But her voice seemed to plead ";Don't send me away, 
let me rest for awhile on Christmas Day";, so Conrad brewed 
her a steaming cup and told her to set at the table and sup. 
	But after she left he was filled with dismay for 
he saw that the hours were slipping away and the Lord hadn't come as 
he said he would. Then Conrad felt sure he had misunderstood.
	When out of of the stillness he heard a cry ";Please 
help me and tell me where am I?"; So again he opened his 
friendly door and stood disapointed as twice before. 
It was only a child that wandered away and was lost from 
her family on Christmas Day. 
	Again Conrad's heart was heavy and sad but he knew 
he should make the little girl glad. So he called her in 
and he wiped her tears, quieted all her childish fears. 
Then he led her back to her home once more but as he 
entered his own darkened door he knew the 
Lord was not coming today.
	Well the hours of Christmas had passed away so he 
went to his room and knelt down to pray and he said 
";Dear Lord, why did you delay? What kept you from 
coming to call on me? For I wanted so much your face to see.
	"; When soft in the silence a voice he heard. 
";Lift up your head for I kept my word. 
Three times my shadow crossed your floor 
and three times I came to your lowly door.
I was the beggar with bruised, cold feet 
and I was the woman you gave something to eat. 
I was the child on the homeless street. 
Three times I knocked, and three times I came in. 
And each time I found the warmth of a friend. 
Of all the gifts, love is the best. 
And I was honored to be your Christmas Guest.