[Violent J:]
"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream fans And I said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100,000 mainstream fans 10 juggalos is priceless" 

[Blaze Ya Dead Homie:]
I gots love for my homies, members of the Lotus 
United we stand, squashing all deadly forces 
Been to hell, could of spent eternity there 
All the bad shit I've done, I should still be there 
Juggalos can ya feel me, feel me, worldwide, worldwide 
Running with the hatchet straight out the Lotus Pod 
Always got your back till end screaming juggalos 
Dark lotus, psychopathic that's the way you go 

[Monoxide Child:]
So many people in the matrix die alone, they 
They knock me in my soul belongs to juggalos, they 
Keep me going when I'm down and out 
I pick up the phone drop them a line and here them shout 
Saying Twiztid is the shit, and I'm down with the clown 
Dark Lotus for life until I'm dead in the ground! 
I give a shout to all my homies and killas who keep me started 
All my juggalos always representing when departed 

[Chorus:]
Mass murder makes me happy! 
Dead bodies make me happy! 
Until eternity! 
I'll always have juggalo family! 
Mass murder makes me happy! 
Dead bodies make me happy! 
Until eternity! 
I'll always have juggalo family! 

[Shaggy 2 Dope:]
6 individuals pedals fall from 1 stem 
Who try to run away and not follow any trends, with no friends 
Cause we accend from the same dirt, filth, grit, and grime 
Make your mind, juggalo minds to crush mainstream shines 
Whats yours is mine it was mines is yours 
Let the wagons of the Dark Carnival show you different worlds 
Any hoes front a juggalos or the hatchet 
Tell them to come suck on your dick, we psychopathic! 

[Jamie Madrox:]
All my life I've been living it all alone 
I'm like a king with no people or a crown or a throne 
And what I'm speaking on is what I'm feeling like 
Do you know what it feels like to feel the warmth of the sunlight 
I'd really like to know cause I've been chilling in the dark 
For so many years that I question love in my heart 
And I hate everyone, and I hate everything 
Except for all the juggalos and the love that they bring! 

[Chorus]

[Anybody Killa:]
If it wasn't for the juggalos I don't know 
Probly be robbing everybody in the world fo sho 
So I'm thankful for the family that adopted me in 
And since I live on the underground it all fit in 
I can't explain all the power that the Carnival brings 
Or the energy from ya'll when the hatchet swings 
All I know is that I'm staying cause it's where I belong 
Dark Lotus on my wrists till I'm dead and gone 

[Violent J:]
If it wasn't for Shaggy my shirt would still be baggy 
I wouldn't be fat, I'd still be hungry and crabby 
We used to buy our own records at the stores 
So they would think it's a hot seller, and order more 
But we built a team of same killers with the same dream 
But we couldn't reach the top, we'd stay B level like Charlie Sheen 
We finally realized we will always have the juggalos 
I'll never give another second, to the mother hoes! 

[Chorus x3]
Lotus!!! 
Lotus!!! Lotus!!! Lotus!!! Lotus!!! 

"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream fans And i said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100,000 mainstream fans 10 juggalos is priceless" 

[Chorus x2 repeats and fades out until song ends]