if I'd listened everything that they said to me, I wouldn't be here!
and if I took the time to bleed from 
all the tiny little arrows shot my way,
I wouldn't be here!
the ones who don't do anything are always 
the ones who try to put you down
and you could spend your entire life walking around
in the nowhere land of self doubt

'coz when you start to doubt yourself the real world will eat you alive!
it's time, it's time to align your body with your mind, it's hero time
it's time, it's time to align your body with your mind, it's hero time
'coz when you start to doubt yourself the real world will eat you alive!
and you know it's true!
I'm talking to you: hero time starts right now! Yeah, hero time, yeah,
time to shine, hey, hero time!

if ya think you've got 100 years to mess around: you're wrong!
this time it's real, y o u r t i m e i s n o w . . . it's hero time!
Yeah, hero time,hey, time to shine, yeah, hero time, yeah!

hard times are gettin' harder, the liars are acting strong
you better get a grip on yourself or you won't be around too long
it's hero time, hey, time to shine, yeah, 
hero time, yeah, hero time, yeah!
it's hero time, it's hero time, time to shine, shine, shine, shine, shine!
oh yeah! X3

no such thing as spare time, no such thing as free time
no such thing as down time
all you got is life time... go! 'coz it's hero time, 'coz it's time to 
shine
'coz it's time to go, go, go! yeah, hou!

when you're gone, you're so gone X2 
you've got it now, it's time to go
hero time starts right now! yeah, aha..! ...change it!

I got grace in times of friction, I got truth in times of fiction
I've got no time for the hype... suicide!? I'm not that type...
I got no time for drug addiction, no time for smoke and booze
too strong for a shortened life span, I've got no time to lose!
It's time to shine, yeah, it's hero time, yeah, it's hero time, yeah, 
yeah!

when you start to doubt yourself the 
real world will eat you alive! yeah!
you could spend your entire walking 
around, coward: or you can get up!
get up, get up, get up, get up! it's time to shine! yeah...