Heeeyyy!!
Yeah! Po!
For all my niggas locked under the cell this gangsta mash
All my niggas turn this shit up in Heaven
While niggas was alive it was Hell, gotta be Heaven after that
Check it

[Verse 1]
P-O, nuthin more to it
I'm gully, what I really been through it
From the stoop to the coupe and everything in between
Vicariously through me niggas live out they dreams
All the ones in the sky are up in the Bing
I do it for them when I'm cracking them rims
See me doing donuts over pot holes
Bustin' off Roscoes like fuck it I'll buy a new set tomorrow
I'm the horror the system built
Suck liquor out my moms tits instead of milk
I'm society's filth, shit I feel no guilt
Welfare couldn't feed Po, what the fuck I need more mo' mo' mo'
Catch me posted up in one pivot
By the looks of my arm and palm its been a blizzard
Bitches wanna know who that nigga Po?
When you think of me just think of snow
All white hard white masterpiece all white it's alright
I could take you out the Nikes and put you in some things
Have you lookin' like somethin', diamond buttons
It's the predicate felon, million dollar rhetoric
Tellin' spittin' thesis from my Corniches
Leaving niggas speechless, can't talk with a gun in your throat
Yeah I'm loke, been around to much dope
All my life brain ain't never been right
Don't hear shit I ear shit
Niggas lose sight, it's bigger than mic's
Come fuck with the kid
OG's look at me like that's how I live
Niggas look from the sky like yeah I still live
Resurrected through the necklace or the gold-coated SIG
Gangsta's never die as long as I'm alive
And when I go its gon' be another Po

[Chorus]
For all my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Everything that I do
When you see that watch blue its for you
When you see that coupe with no roof its for you
For all my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Everything that I do
Kid that I fried around the way was for you
This connect that I tied the other day was for you

[Verse 2]
Yellow tapes, yellow bottles and yellow rocks
Its the number one gunner pop-pa-pop-pop!
Hard top, windows black, that's the way I gangsta mash
Coming through bumping Thriller like I'm really a killer
Who you know fuckin' with me?  Them niggas is bitter
Know I hit you when it's burning and numb
Who you? Screw you just for burning your gums
Get it right - I'm him, y'all just rhymin
Noise over beats y'all niggas hymen
Ma this shit is real, I'm buying jet fuel
And the cuts on my shit is Princess Blue
You fuck with the kid, you get Princess too fa' sho'
What? Your boyfriend a rapper?
This between me and you
And that's just how my niggas would want it
America's most-wanted, station name: P-O
Niggas know

[Chorus]
For all my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Everything that I do
When you see that watch blue its for you
When you see that coupe with no roof its for you
For all my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Everything that I do
Kid that I fried around the way was for you
Connect that I tied the other day was for you
All my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Everything that I do
Bitch I hit with the long dick was for you
Bong! Bong!  8 times its for you
All my niggas who ain't here with me, you still here with me
Walk with me, talk with me
Let that sawed off shit bark off with me
What's up with my niggas?  I'm with my niggas

Pus, Pee, windy facilities, Sauce, Neil, uh...