[Unknown Singer]
ohh ma, ma, ma, ma
wow, wow
I see chariots in the skies, skies
men & Earth look surprised,
as they flow across the sky..
ever see the light,
deep into the night,
of daily mars among the stars,
in that distant land,
strict as lies,
we took our time,
they chose such evil,
ohh ma, ma, ma, ma, ma,
low, low
the reasons why, we hear..
ohh ma, ma, ma, ma, ma
wow, wow,
the reasons why, we hear..
[Killah Priest]
4 grain worn, baptism of form, avoid the vast
my space avoids, again between the asteroids
for Atlanta upon the planet, lucky bandit, lost and stranded
I became a force that demanded, life force took flight
like one course of the night, search many source of life
light was, an overledge coming from the edge of the universe
it passed the moon, to the earth, then from the womb to nurse
but it likes the Membrants, how I can from a distance
to an instinct, resistance was 5 senses
the quest from man repentance, while
others cry to exercise my third eye by hearing lullaby
then I magnify inside, became intelligent and wise
transform from the celestial, shot through a sexual
terristical, testicle vessel, small as a decimal where I nestle
nine months later, special delivery, the Killah P-R-I-E-S-T
from them pheotus to the cleavage, from atoms to adams
from atoms to adams, from atoms to adams
[Unknown Singer]
I see chariots in the skies, skies
men & earth look surprised 
as they flow across the sky..
ever see the light,
deep into the night,
of daily mars among the stars,
in that distant land,
[Killah Priest]
So I begin, between, the media right, now walk like Christ
except I'm not sacrificed, by the righteous parasite
searching' for paradise, which is the birth-right
of a celestial Nazarite, with appetites to bite from the tree of life
smight, eadamite, sodomite, more bites, in the land of Kananights
following six flame a lights, burning over 1 million degrees fahrenhight
bright as, neon, beyond the satellites, flight takes me over cattle stocks
blocks of ice, I began to flock, flock, flock, flock across Mecca
with a rigid projector, seeking my scepter, looking, at, Rebecca
two sons, popping through Jerusalem like the hoodlum
Ahhh, ? enabled me to see the other galaxy, released Nora calories
back 8 author, writers and ologies, I'm the author and the writer
of a biography with god prophecies, and challenge Egyptology
philophosies and Greek mythologies
going through the gloss-arys of Socrates, with Pharisees
and Sagulties, going through geology with dreams I contact
the Hazmonian dynasty, clocks agree, one 68 BC
charge far from the Wu Killa Bee into the families of the Mackabees
I can see every species in 3D, have clear CD's
show um' my pilgrimage, I walked through the wilderness
I have the privilege the see the pyramids
which gave me the will to live, to roam through the villages
and heal the kids, walk across the bridge
strong as ? and voice echo like ? across the great Amazon
stretched out my hand like Yon
till they reach Babylon, behold the physic phenomenon
quiet storm, I wander out a horizon
from the top of holy mount Zion, holding a staff
and turn into a python, Killah Priest, a living icon
sitting in a form of a Pentagon, in the center of the Octagon
walking from ? to Saigon, to Lebanon to the walls of Hong Kong
recite the 23rd song, long gone, before the crack of dawn
dodging and weaving, through the Garden of Eden, without eating
speeding, bubbin, lobbing, we ? the nation
as they flow across the sky..
Those that were uncivilized were chastised
while the civilized were baptized
12 tribes began to rise like bees from the hive
causing seeds with they wives, starting apart
as the scribes carry the archives, follow the star guide
as we glide through the windows of the far side
across the dark sky, then over the ocean tides, the unidentified
flying, object, hovers the projects, scenery, gothic
sky can pass with darkness
as the thugs, transforming the prophets, the body, becomes, cosmic
as the floor becomes carpet, they rise from out the toxic
and the wasteland and the garbage
where faces are various shades of chocolate
dropping in nar-cotics, and the pork sausage
no longer held hostage
from atoms to adams..
as they flow across the sky..
from atoms to adams..
as they flow across the sky..
from atoms to adams..
ever see the light, deep into the night,
of daily mars among the stars,
in that distant land...