This is breaking news
It appears air force one was shot down
Somewhere over the Middle East this morning
By a sleeper cell of rouge terrorists, firing a stinger missile
The pilot and all passengers are unaccounted for
The presidents whereabouts are presently unknown
And he is presumed missing
The vice president, secretary of state
And principles of the military are assembling
Our nation stands at DEFCON 3

The greatest crisis, will someone come for me?
I "red, white and blew it."
Unleashed revenge, my body is detained
How could anybody do this?
Betrayal, I peel away the days
Medals are useless. Uncle Sam's forgotten me
I'm not important no one will ever come
I'll never be fund, god get me out of this hell.

Nuclear battlefields energised
Cold wars are heating up again
The tensions mounting
People lift up your fists in revenge

The stage is set
Who will be the first to blink?
We can go to war
Remember that "Vietnam thing"
Peace at any price

With a gun to your head, bang, bang
Weakness runs in your family
What runs in mine is death
[Solo - Poland]

This is your 5-minute warning
Burn all your classified documents
And if cooler heads don't prevail
First strike from a political dead man

Appeasement only makes the aggressor more aggressive
He understands only one language - action
And he respects only one word - force
No sign of them stopping, no time for back channel communiqus
We need all the help we can get, air strikes and invasions!
Retaliate. I say!

The will of good men can not counter the terrible strain of war
[Solo - Poland]
[Solo - Mustaine]

Blackmail the universe with the greatest of calamities
Awaken those sleeping giants in the dust of the ground
With their skin destroyed, unjust to innocence
Lawful possessor of the worlds last 24 hours
[Solo - Mustaine]

Terror and ugliness reveal what death really means
And in hatred you see men as they really are
If chosen over heaven, earth will have been for them
All along, only another region of hell.