Chorusx2:
[All] Street niggaz
[Sticky Fingaz] Gettin' high all the time
[All] Street niggaz
[Sticky Fingaz] Fuck beef and draw the nine
[All] Street niggaz
[Sticky Fingaz] Always yellin' fuck the cops
[All] Street niggaz
[Sticky Fingaz] We the niggaz that call the shots
[X-1]
Street niggaz love to flip, puttin' slugs in clips
While in out with Bloods and Crips, on some shit
Leavin' you ripped is totally sick
I sue pricks on mysterious trips, makin' serious chips
You on a curious a trip way out of your whack
Blow you out of your back, the game of crack, how 'bout that?
Holdin' my aim, with ways to wreck 
Never know what to expect
Respect a hole in you chest
My mind is set, it's time for death, rewind your steps
The way that I'm doin' you is everyday screwin' you
Off the top
Make money off of rocks
On and off the block, bouncin' off on cops
Whose the next street star?  Kid, you love to be next
But it's X-1, kid, in the ?'lux Relex?
Wit' a ghetto type style
Heat for beef that we can settle right now
Street Niggaz
Chorusx2
[Fredro Starr]
Street niggaz spend they lasts on weed
Smoke to the ropes
Dead broke, some flip coke, sell soap
Bust four guns, off the roof, trick
Overproof, roll dice, stick niggaz for ice, up all night
Everyday niggaz gambalin',  pumpin' drugs, scrambalin'
My nigga got shot, that same spot you standin' in
Bitch nigga hate, rich nigga sniff for Eight, suffocate
Jail nigga liftin' weights, fuck the Jake
We brake laws, snuffin' motherfuckas, breakin' drawers
Robbin' liquor stores 
?Rubbin'? ghetto niggaz dirty drawers
Never hesitate to bass, kick your fuckin' ass
Fuck work, nigga take cash
Wit' the quick ???
Open cases, wit' razors
They open faces
Paid niggaz got guns wit' lasers, Sky pagers
Chrome rims and loud systems
So what the light? You make the white
People listen you five days out the prison
We...
Chorusx2
[Sonsee]
Street niggaz have your shit pushed back, plush act
Bust jacks out the windowplex, and lust that
We back, we at the place, contact react
Call back, be on the concrete flat, we stomp cats
For violation of ???, whichever come first
Love for money could hurt, it's a thirst, we splurge
In Suburbans, to niggaz deep, want pissy early
Swervin', packin' big power, maxin' six hours
Up in the Expo, ?E bowel?
For beef, the heat, the vowel
Caught up in them street showers
Buckun' the same clips, fuckin' the same chicks
The game sticks, so remain slick or get slain quick
Street niggaz regulatin'
Doe and hoes and North states, and flip whips 
High speed car chases
The inner belly beast dwellin'
Born and raised, extortin' for days 
Leavin' motherfuckers more than grazed
Chorusx2
[Sticky Fingaz]
I'm a street nigga
Fuck wit' me, ya shot in the brains
They call me Sticky Fingaz, how you think I got my name?
This is not a game, kid I know my math
I walk around wit' my pants hangin' off my ass
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK! 
The nigga here's to rugged
I pull out my dick and take a piss in public
Smokin' weed, drinkin' brew, that's all I do
Fuck bitches, get money, was all I knew
Police in the rearview, always runnin' my plates
I kept one poker face and a gun in my waist
Off safety, cock, wit' one in the head
You first nigga frontin' gettin' dropped wit' one in the head
I got no respect for life 
My mom's on drugs
You scared to look me in the eyes, I roll wit' nothin' but thugs
I'm so trife
Hope I can live another night
And I fear no man, I swear on my mother's life
'Cuz I'm a...
[All] Street nigga
Chorus without first 'all' sentence
[All]Street Niggaz faded