Reporters asking questions-spoken
      Reporter 1: How does Conrad feel about going into the army?
      JA: How does he feel? You ask how he feels. He's much too shy to tell you so I'll tell you 
      how he feels. He feels brave and eager, strangely humble. Proud to be a plain G.I.
      VW: He would gladly, face those bullets, for he's not afraid to die.
      ch: For he's a fine abstanding patriotic, healthy normal American boy. 
      JA spoken: And that's why he volunteered.
      Reporter 2 spoken: Volunteered? I heard he appealed 3 times!
      VW spoken:Sing!
      ch: We love you Conrad, oh yes we do, we love you Conrad, and we'll be true. When you're 
      not near us, we're blue/ OH Conrad we love you. 
      Reporter 3 spoken: What's the picture on you and that Hollywood star? Are you two 
      engaged?
      VW spoken: Is he engaged? Is Conrad engaged? There's absolutely nothing to the rumor 
      he's engaged.
      JA: She's a real pal., like a sister, but it doens't mean a thing. And that 18 karat 
      diamond, it was just a friendship ring.
      ch: For he's a fine abstanding patriotic, healthy normal American boy.
      Reporter 4 spoken: Then why was her husband so mad?
      JA spoken: Sing!
      ch: We love you Conrad, oh yes we do, we love you Conrad, and we'll be true.
      JA spoken: Why, I'll never forget Conrad's first word's when he heard he'd been accepted 
      into the armed forces. 'Gee Mr. Peterson' he cried eagerly, 'Do you think they'll assign 
      me to one of those frontline trenches army talk here I don't know what they're saying
      Reporter 5 spoken: Is it true you found Conrad in a reform school?
      VW   JA: That is a lie. A lie through and through. I'll tell you where he 
      came from here's the story and it's true.
      VW: He was born in Indo-China.
      JA: He was born in old Virginia
      VW: Son of missionaries there.
      JA: On a thousand acre farm.
      VW: Very poor and very hungry
      JA: From a line of wealthy planters.
      VW: What a cruel life to bear.
      JA: I can't understand this part but it's something to do with being rich I'm guessing
      VW: Then he drifted down to Hong Kong 
      JA: More stuff I don't get
      VW: In a waterfront saloon.
      JA: In the moonlight he would croon.
      VW: That is where we heard him singing.
      JA: That's where Conrad started singing.
      VW: 'neath that diry Hong Kong moon
      JA: 'neath that old plantation moon.
      while VW and JA sing  America , chorus sings the conrad theme song-it's all 
      one big integrated mess
      ch: We love you COnrad, oh yes we do, we love you Conrad, and we'll be true. When you're 
      not near us, we're blue. Oh Conrad we love you. 
      VW   JA over chorus: Oh beautiful for spaceious skies for amber waves of grain. 
      America, America, g-d shed his grace on thee.
      All: For he's a fine abstanding patriotic, healthy normal American boy.