2Pac:

Nigga, we doin' this shit from Cleveland to L.A., nigga, whatever you
niggas want.  We bringin' it!  Thug luv, nigga.  Bitch!  What time is it?
Yo, I don't give a fuck where you lay at, nigga, it's time to slay these
bitch-made niggas.
[Bizzy:  Pac Pac run with us, run with us, run with us.  Pac Pac run with
us.  Pac and Rip with thug luv.]
They ain't even knowin' what type of niggas we is.  Where my thugs at?
[Cocking of a gun, followed by gunshot repeated throughout.]
Bone thugs-n-harmony.  I know you niggas been waitin' for this for a
long time.  Well, here it is, nigga.  Here it is.  What you gonna do with it?

Bizzy:

Well it must be close to the Armageddon, Lord.  No, then I won't fly by
that lesson, you taught me to pull out my Wesson, you brought me, and
I'm not stressin' it softly.  Get 'em up off me, 'cause all we wanted was
harmony, been bombin' 'em, yell up outta my ghetto, I won't settle, get on
my level.  They can't stop me and pop me.  Nigga, they got me?  Fuck
no.  Little Pac gets schizophrenic, let's manage to damage all y'all.
Often, I'll talk about 'em, and you don't really want it,
'cause they're cornered and I'm wanted and no joke.
I'm gonna say that we came to shut 'em all down.  So
quick to test, bullet, yes, I say war, roll, flow when I get the gun for the
murda mo' horror, for what they did it all, pause for the cause, and I fin
to pull a nine or pistol, a little nigga with mine. Fuck them niggas, it's
on.  All y'all fall. Bizzy gettin' bitches to test me, bless the floor, and any
attempt to arrest me, stress me.  Lord, lookin' at death, with the last of
my breath.  Follow, follow my kids, so they don't sin in my steps.  Yet
the weapon is kept with the best of my secrets, deep in the leaves, I'm
alone, nigga believe that I can see it, if needed, and if you really want me
in, well then let it be, get the greens and we runnin' up over Cleveland
[Cleveland].

2Pac:

Ha, ha! What's poppin', nigga?  Put your muthafuckin' hands on your
strap, nigga.  Thug luv, nigga.  Yeah, we can do this like gangstas and
slug it out, or do this like punks and punk it out. Pull your strap on me,
nigga, you better kill me. Thug luv, nigga.  Thug life, baby.  Thug luv.

I probably be punished for hard livin', blind to the facts thugs is convicts
in God's prison, hands on the strap.  Prayin', so Father please forgive me.
Police be rushin' when they see me, I flaunt it Americas Most Wanted
live on T.V.  Life:  pleasure and pain, stuck in this game, holler my name.
We all gon' die.  We bleed through similar veins.  Yous explain to me
now.  Don't panic when my guns burst.  Heard the last jam, nigga?  This
one's worse.  My nigga, Bone held the chrome 'til I came home.  Thug
luv playas, tell these bitch niggas bring it on. I caught a plane out to
Cleveland late last evenin' to help my niggas clean up; some niggas no
longer breathin'. Now, who do you believe in?  Hit the weed and grieve.
It's a cold ass world, niggas.  Kill you in your sleep, watch me until they
stop me, bury, murder me or drop me. I got thug luv for my nationwide
posse, feel me.

Layzie:

Little thug from the Land, nigga never ran.  Muthafuckas out to get me.
They don't understand it's the #1 nigga out with a nation of niggas down
to put it some work and do some dirt, fuckin' around with the band Bone
thugs-n-harmony, follow down the road, we stroll to meet karma.
Everything I do, it seem to cause drama.  Ready for the war like a knight
in my armor, bomb ya.  So quick to test us, nigga wanna crash me, eat
dust.  For the love of the lust, niggas bustin' on us.  Hit 'em up with the
buck 12 gauge eruptions.  It's the art of war.  Puttin' niggas on the floor
when I'm comin' through the door, bringin' nothin' but terror, causin'
much pain to the nigga that dared us, tried to put a twist in this thugsta
era.  Paired up with a nigga like Pac, and a nigga like me, gotta stay high.
Thug luv 'till I die, keep my prayer to the sky, but I'm still in the hood,
smoke and fry, so I beg the Lord save us all escapers of misery, bless my
niggas in penetentary, soldiers of the century, yeah.

Krayzie:

Here to get it, told my niggas they need get the hell down with the dirt,
and we don't fuck around. Buck a couple a rounds, and if your passin'
through, then hit the ground, and don't get caught up in the crossfire,
nigga.  Artillery thick, and you don't wanna get to fuckin' with this, I'm
straight devil, not a punk and pretend.  I reload, buck a little mo'.  Flee
the scene 'fore the po-po even know.  "So, who ya lookin' for?"  They
don't know.  A mothafucka with a leather face.  Hey, man, she said I ran
this way, said I ran that a way. Ya'll hoes'll never know because I got
away, yeah yeah.  A criminal mind to keep a nigga on the level.
Sometimes I get high, and analyze your crime.  Correctly organized and
with results, you'll be surprised.

Wish:

Oh, nigga, can you feel the vibe?  We can ride.  Playa hatin' niggas, you
gotsta die, it's only right.  It's over with, Bone, better leave it alone, Mo
Thug come crack they fuckin' domes.  Still in the hood, where the thugs
play, fuckin' with nothin' but thugs, man, ain't takin' no shorts, or no
losses. We crackin' them domes around my way.  Give it to 'em on
another level, nigga, get a shovel, you can dig a hole.  Bitches is dead.
Infrared to your head.  You can beg, you go fled, but still gon' bleed
bloody red.  Fuck with mine, we'll be seen in the moonlight, 'cause we
out ridin', lookin' for you [for you].  Better run for cover, nigga, duck.
We about to bust.  Strate got the infrared, put it on his forehead.  Makes a
move, send [flowers] straight to his home.  Put a card in the muthafucka,
send it to his mama.  Tell her he was dead wrong, dead wrong.  Gone,
now we long gone, long, gone.

Bizzy:

Pac Pac run with us, run with us, run with us.  Pac Pac run with us.  Pac
and Rip with thug luv.