Ey I'd Like to welcome all you motherf**kers man
to the home of the goons,where the grave yards over corwded
and where chopperz is a must!

[Verse 1]
you caught slippin crackers goin find ur ass not breathing
100 wholes in ur ass with ur body leaking
nigga ridin with em drums nigga for a reason
cuz down here we in the middle of murking season! 

stay on ur porch nigga if u aint ready to make a shake
cuz this the home of the bodies check the muder rate
money and ski's is the only that'll be the murder case
so you better kill him if u dnt want him at ur court date
if u comin u better come with em choppers and dont fake
cuz if u bullshit you're the one that's getting erased
this niggaz murikin out pussy niggaz in broad day
where-ever you get caught slippin at that's where u lay
and like they say nigga no face, no case!!
as long as these goons are lurkin these streets aint safe
the more rounds you shoot nigga the less aim it takes
it's murkin season so you pussies better stay out the way!

[Verse 2]
Murkin Season dont end, this shit year round
it aint never drop murkin season never slow down
it's imposibble to many choppers floating around

these young niggaz they sick with it on that 4 pound!
lil cuzin 12 and all he talking is murkin now
old lady said she got woke up by that chopper sound
say she got on her bed and laid back down
from what i heard em crackers fired 120 rounds
4 motha f**kin dead bodies laying on the ground
niggaz bettin on it now, who goin get off first?
running ur f**k box better what how u choose u words
that nigga sending threats pussy u got alot of nerves
niggaz would leave ur motherf**kin brains on the burb
this ain the 80's dawg... niggaz getting murked
everywhere you turn you see dead niggaz ono t-shirts
everytime i pass by the grave yard i see a herse...

[Verse 3]
not respecting these streets is what got you niggaz f**ked
that oussy nigga aint about it, he jus know hwo to bring tongue
runnin ur dick suckin lips would get you chopped up
i know plenty niggaz like you that done got touched
you talking loud cuz u got a chopper nigga that aint enough
i know 100 niggaz that got choppers but only few would bust!!
u got the mouth of a killa but you aint got the guts
u got the front game down packed but you aint got the nuts
u probably got off before but you aint wack nothing
this the wrong place to play games dawg the streets real
trying to impress a mothaf**ker would get you nigga killed
Murking season is offcial now this shit for real!!