Traditional, Arrangement by Steve Rothery, Mark Kelly, Pete Trawavas, Michael Pointer & Fish
For me and my true-love will never walk again on the bonnie, bonnie banks of Loch Lomond.
Moira Anderson, eat your heart out! 
You-ou--
You'll take the high road an' I'll take the low road, an' I'll be in Scotland before you
For me and my true-love we'll never walk again on the bonnie, bonnie banks of Loch Lomond
You'll take the acid an' I'll take the dope, an' I'll be stoned before you
For me an' my true-love, the drink waters' well on the bonnie, bonnie banks of Loch Lomond
Step we gaily on we go, heel for heel and toe for toe 
Arm in arm
An' row an' row all for Mhairi's wedding
Step we gaily on we go, heel for heel and toe for toe 
Arm in arm an' row an' row all for Mhairi's wedding
I said you, you, you, you'll take the high road
I said I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll take the low road 
On the lead guitar, from Yorkshire Mr. Stephen Rothery!
I said you, you, you, you take the high road 
I said I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll take the low road 
On the bass guitar, the backing vocal, from Aylesbury Mr. Peter Trawavas!
I said you, you, you, you take the high road 
I said I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll take the low road 
On the keyboards, From Dublin Mr. Mark Kelly!
I said you, you--, you'll take the high road
I said I'll, I'll--, I'll take the low road 
On drums, per-cus-si-on, Mr. Michael ";E.T."; Pointer!
And a very big round of applause, for yourself, one audience tonight
It takes two!
On vocals, and percussion Fish! ... 
A dream fulfilled!
Sweet Ma- Ma- Ma- Ma- Margaret
I said you take the high road 
An' I'll take the low road
An' I'll be in Scotland before you
For me and my true-love we'll never meet again 
On the bonnie, bonnie banks of Loch Lomond
Sweet Ma- Ma- Ma- Ma- Margaret
The balcony: Sweet Ma- Ma- Ma- Ma Margaret
Say yer Scottish: Sweet Ma- Ma- Ma- Ma- Margaret
I said you'll take the high road 
An' I'll take the low road
An' I'll be in Scotland before you 
For me and my true-love we'll never meet again
On the bonnie, bonnie, bonnie, bonnie, bonnie Banks of Loch Lomond! 
Banks of Loch Lomond!
Sweet Margaret
Sweet Margaret 
Sweet Ma- Ma- Ma- Ma- Margaret!
Thank you Edinburgh, good night, we shall de-fi-nite-ly return